BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.clsp:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.codegen:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions.args:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.nodes:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.debuginfo:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract type constraint. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract type constraint  with insn node, insn arg and insn arg;
	Collect related vars;
	Get related vars;
	Convert abstract type constraint to string

1.2. Add an interface declaration  for i type constraint. It allows to:

	Get related vars;
	Check type search state

1.3. Add a class for type search. It allows to:

	Instantiate type search  with mth method node;
	Run type search;
	Apply resolved vars;
	Handle search;
	Resolve independent variables;
	Handle full check;
	Handle single check;
	Fill type candidates;
	Add candidate types;
	Get wider types;
	Get narrow types;
	Expand unknown type;
	Collect constraints;
	Get arg type;
	Add constraint;
	Make constraint;
	Make move constraint;
	Check type search state;
	Make phi constraint;

1.4. Add a class for type search state. It allows to:

	Instantiate type search state  with mth method node;
	Get SSA var;
	Get all vars;
	Get unresolved vars;
	Get resolved vars

1.5. Add a class for type search var info. It allows to:

	Instantiate type search var info  with SSA var;
	Reset type search var info;
	Handle next type;
	Get var;
	Check if type search var info is type resolved;
	Set type resolved;
	Get current type;
	Set current type;
	Get candidate types;
	Set candidate types;
	Get constraints;
	Set constraints;
	Convert type search var info to string

2. Changes to package jadx.tests.external:  

