BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, Messages_en_US.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package jadx.api:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.clsp:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.codegen:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.attributes:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.info:  

1.1. Add a class for access info test. It allows to:

	Change visibility;
	Change visibility no op

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions.args:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions.mods:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.nodes:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.regions:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.regions.conditions:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.regions.loops:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.trycatch:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors:  

2.1. Add a class for fix access modifiers. It allows to:

	Handle init;
	Handle visit;
	Change visibility;
	Fix visibility

3. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker:  

3. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions:  

3. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.ssa:  

3. Changes to package jadx.core.utils:  

3. Changes to package jadx.gui.settings:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.api:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.api.utils:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.external:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.integration.debuginfo:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.integration.inner:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.integration.others:  

3.1. Add a class for test bad method access modifiers. It allows to:

	Handle test

4. Changes to package jadx.tests.integration.trycatch:  

