BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.clsp:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.codegen:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.attributes:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions.args:  

1.1. Add a class for code var. It allows to:

	Process code var code var from mth arg;
	Get name;
	Set name;
	Get type;
	Set type;
	Get ssa vars;
	Add ssa var;
	Set ssa vars;
	Check if code var is final;
	Set final;
	Check if code var is this;
	Set code var;
	Check if code var is declared;
	Declared code var;
	Merge flags  from other code var;
	Convert code var to string

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.nodes:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.regions.loops:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions.variables:  

2.1. Add a class for collect usage region visitor. It allows to:

	Get usage map;
	Handle process block traced;
	Handle region process;
	Handle process insn;
	Get usage

2.2. Add a class for process variables. It allows to:

	Handle visit;
	Check code vars;
	Declare var;
	Collect code vars;
	Merge usage maps;
	Check declare  at assign;
	Can declare  at;
	Check if process variables is all use after;
	Check if process variables is container contains use place;
	Handle search declare region;
	Declare var  in region;
	Check if process variables is all regions after

2.3. Add a class for use place. It allows to:

	Instantiate use place  with I region, I block and I block;
	Get region;
	Get block;
	Check if use place equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert use place to string

2.4. Add a class for var usage. It allows to:

	Instantiate var usage  with SSA var;
	Get var;
	Assigns var usage;
	Get uses;
	Convert var usage to string

3. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.ssa:  

3. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference:  

3. Changes to package jadx.core.utils:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.external:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.integration.types:  

