BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (Messages_en_US.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package jadx.api:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.codegen:  

1. Changes to package jadx.gui.settings:  

1. Changes to package jadx.gui.ui:  

1. Changes to package jadx.gui.ui.codearea:  

1.1. Add a class for code area. It allows to:

	Instantiate code area  with code panel;
	Register word highlighter;
	Handle mouse clicked;
	Highlight all matches;
	Add menu items;
	Load settings;
	Load common settings;
	Get default area;
	Get def pos  for node at offset;
	Get java node  at offset;
	Get current position;
	Get source line;
	Scroll code area to line;
	Handle center current line;
	Set caret  at line

1.2. Add a class for code link generator. It allows to:

	Instantiate code link generator  with content panel, code area, cls class and cls class;
	Check if code link generator is link at offset;
	Execute;
	Get source offset;
	Handle hyperlink update

1.3. Add a class for editor theme. It allows to:

	Get all themes;
	Get default theme;
	Instantiate editor theme;
	Get name;
	Get path;
	Convert editor theme to string

1.4. Add a class for find usage action. It allows to:

	Instantiate find usage action  with content panel, code area, j cls class and j cls class;
	Handle action performed;
	Popup menu will become visible;
	Popup menu will become invisible;
	Popup menu canceled

1.5. Add a class for jadx token maker. It allows to:

	Instantiate jadx token maker  with code area, j cls class and j cls class;
	Get token list;
	Handle process tokens;
	Merge long class names;
	Handle concat tokens until

1.6. Rename type LineNumbers with LineNumbers

1.7. Rename type SearchBar with SearchBar

2. Changes to package jadx.gui.utils:  

2.1. Add a class for jump position. It allows to:

	Instantiate jump position  with J node;
	Get node;
	Get line;
	Check if jump position equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert jump position to string

