BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.codegen:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions.args:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.regions.conditions:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.regions.loops:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors:  

1.1. Add a class for init code variables. It allows to:

	Handle visit;
	Init code vars;
	Init code var;
	Set code var;
	Set code var type;
	Collect connected vars

1.2. Add a class for mark finally visitor. It allows to:

	Handle visit;
	Handle process exception handler;
	Extract  finally mth method node;
	Check slices;
	Apply finally extract info;
	Handle mark slice;
	Copy code vars;
	Search duplicate insns;
	Get search from first block;
	Check if mark finally visitor is start block;
	Check insns;
	Check blocks tree;
	Compare blocks;
	Handle same insns

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker:  

2. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.blocksmaker.helpers:  

2.1. Add a class for finally extract info. It allows to:

	Instantiate finally extract info  with finally handler, start block node, all handler blocks list and all handler blocks list;
	Get finally extract info finally handler;
	Get all handler blocks;
	Get finally extract info finally insns slice;
	Get duplicate slices;
	Get checked blocks;
	Get start block

2.2. Add a class for insns slice. It allows to:

	Add insn;
	Add block;
	Add insns;
	Get block;
	Get insns list;
	Get blocks;
	Check if insns slice is complete;
	Set complete;
	Convert insns slice to string

3. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.debuginfo:  

3. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions:  

3. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.ssa:  

3. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.typeinference:  

3. Changes to package jadx.core.utils:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.api:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.api.utils:  

3. Changes to package jadx.tests.integration.trycatch:  

3.1. Add a class for test try catch no move exc. It allows to:

	Handle test

