BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package jadx.api:  

1. Changes to package jadx.cli:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.clsp:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.codegen:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.deobf:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.attributes:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.attributes.annotations:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.attributes.nodes:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.info:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions.args:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.instructions.mods:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.nodes:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.nodes.parser:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.regions:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.regions.conditions:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.trycatch:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.dex.visitors.regions:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.utils:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.utils.android:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.utils.files:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.xmlgen:  

1. Changes to package jadx.core.xmlgen.entry:  

1. Changes to package jadx.gui.treemodel:  

1. Changes to package jadx.gui.ui.codearea:  

1. Changes to package jadx.gui.update:  

1.1. Add a class for version comparator test. It allows to:

	Handle test compare;
	Compare version comparator test

2. Changes to package jadx.gui.utils:  

2.1. Add a class for jump manager test. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle test empty history;
	Convert test empty history;
	Handle test one element;
	Test two elements;
	Handle test navigation;
	Convert test navigation;
	Add same;
	Make jump pos

3. Changes to package jadx.gui.utils.search:  

3.1. Add a class for string ref test. It allows to:

	Handle test convert;
	Handle test substring;
	Check str;
	Handle test trim;
	Check trim;
	Handle test split;
	Check split

4. Changes to package jadx.tests.functional:  

4.1. Add a class for name mapper test. It allows to:

	Handle test valid full identifiers;
	Handle test invalid full identifiers

4.2. Add a class for signature parser test. It allows to:

	Handle test simple types;
	Check type;
	Handle test generics;
	Handle test inner generic;
	Handle test wildcards;
	Check wildcards;
	Handle test generic map;
	Check generics;
	Handle test method args;
	Convert test method args;
	Handle test bad generic map

4.3. Add a class for string utils test. It allows to:

	Handle test string unescape;
	Check string unescape;
	Handle test char unescape;
	Check char unescape

