BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.foo:  

1. Changes to package example.scannable:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.serviceloader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.caffeine:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.ehcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.i18n:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.feed:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.work:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.lob:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.rowset:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.destination:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.naming:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.objenesis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jaxb:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jibx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.commonj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.bsh:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.groovy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.client.samples.matchers:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.htmlunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.setup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests.aop.advice:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests.mock.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests.sample.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.comparator:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.accept:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request.async:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.document:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.tiles3:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.messaging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

