BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.scope:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.rowset:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.destination:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jaxb:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request.async:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.xml:  

