BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, merge.properties, test-source-set-dependencies.properties, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package example.scannable:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.benchmark:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy.spr3064:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.generic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.scope:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target.dynamic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support.security.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.ehcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation.configuration:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation.spr8761:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation3:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation5:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.conversionservice:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.i18n:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.weaving:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.serializer:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.serializer.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.style:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.common:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.testresources:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.number:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.glassfish:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.jboss:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.weblogic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.websphere:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.work:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.incrementer:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.lob:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.rowset:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.destination:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.naming:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.notification:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.domain:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.eclipselink:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jaxb:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jibx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.mime:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.caucho:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.rmi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.soap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.commonj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.bsh:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.groovy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.configuration:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.aci:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.aci.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.orm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.orm.domain:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.orm.repository:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.orm.repository.hibernate:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.orm.service:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.orm.service.impl:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.spr6128:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.spr9051:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.testng:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.util.subpackage:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests:  

1.1. Add a class for matchers. It allows to:

	Get exception cause;
	Handle matches;
	Describe  to description

1.2. Add a class for test group tests. It allows to:

	Parse null;
	Parse empty string;
	Parse blank string;
	Parse test group tests with spaces;
	Parse test group tests in mixed case;
	Missing test group tests;
	Parse test group tests;
	Parse all  except performance;
	Parse all  except missing

2. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.aspectj:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.config:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.context:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.context.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.util.comparator:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request.async:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf.el:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.commons:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.theme:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.document:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.freemarker:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.xml:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.xslt:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

2. Changes to package test.aop:  

2. Changes to package test.aspect:  

2. Changes to package test.mixin:  

