BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.messaging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session:  

