BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.cbor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.smile:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.weblogic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.hibernate5:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.accept:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

