BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.common:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.hibernate5:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.mime:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.accept:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler:  

