BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (gradle.properties, ConcreteTransactionalJUnit38SpringContextTests-context.xml, FailingBeforeAndAfterMethodsTests-context.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.caucho:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.rmi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.testng:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json:  

