BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jaxb:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jibx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.caucho:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.rmi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.groovy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

