BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (gradle.properties, job-scheduling-data.xml, jmsNamespaceHandlerTests.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.ehcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.weaving:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1.1. Add a class for collection factory tests. It allows to:

	Create approximate collection is  not type safe for enum set;
	Create collection is  not type safe for enum set;
	Create approximate map is  not type safe for enum map;
	Create map is  not type safe for enum map;
	Create map is  not type safe for linked multi value map;
	Create approximate collection  from empty hash set;
	Create approximate collection  from non empty hash set;
	Create approximate collection  from empty enum set;
	Create approximate collection  from non empty enum set;
	Create approximate map  from empty hash map;
	Create approximate map  from non empty hash map;
	Create approximate map  from empty enum map;
	Create approximate map  from non empty enum map;
	Check if collection factory tests creates collections correctly;
	Check if collection factory tests creates enum set;
	Check if collection factory tests creates enum set subclass;
	Check if collection factory tests rejects invalid element type for enum set;
	Check if collection factory tests rejects null element type for enum set;
	Check if collection factory tests rejects null collection type;
	Check if collection factory tests creates maps correctly;
	Check if collection factory tests creates enum map;
	Check if collection factory tests rejects invalid key type for enum map;
	Check if collection factory tests rejects null key type for enum map;
	Check if collection factory tests rejects null map type

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.serializer.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.filter:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.object:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.context:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.endpoint:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.work:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

2.1. Add a class for argument prepared statement setter. It allows to:

	Instantiate argument prepared statement setter;
	Set values;
	Do set value;
	Handle cleanup parameters

2.2. Add a class for argument type prepared statement setter. It allows to:

	Instantiate argument type prepared statement setter;
	Set values;
	Do set value;
	Handle cleanup parameters

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.lob:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.config:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web.test:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.domain:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.eclipselink:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.caucho:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.rmi:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.commonj:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.test.annotation:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.tests.sample.beans:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.annotation:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.config:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.context.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

3.1. Add a class for stax result. It allows to:

	Instantiate stax result  with XML event writer;
	Instantiate stax result  with XML stream writer;
	Get XML event writer;
	Get XML stream writer;
	Set handler;
	Set lexical handler

3.2. Add a class for stax result tests. It allows to:

	Set stax result tests;
	Handle stream writer source;
	Handle event writer source

3.3. Add a class for stax source. It allows to:

	Instantiate stax source  with XML event reader;
	Instantiate stax source  with XML stream reader;
	Get XML event reader;
	Get XML stream reader;
	Set input source;
	Set XML reader

3.4. Add a class for stax source tests. It allows to:

	Set stax source tests;
	Convert stream reader source;
	Convert event reader source;

4. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

4.1. Add an object creator class for message source resource bundle locator. It allows to:

	Instantiate message source resource bundle locator  with message source;
	Get resource bundle

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.freemarker:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

