BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.buffer:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.hibernate5:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.comparator:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.accept:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

