BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.user:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.caucho:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.commonj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.bsh:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.testng:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.htmlunit.webdriver:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.script:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session:  

