BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.aopalliance.intercept:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.rowset:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request.async:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

