BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1.1. Add a class for yaml map factory bean. It allows to:

	Set singleton;
	Check if yaml map factory bean is singleton;
	Handle after properties set;
	Get object;
	Get object type;
	Create map;
	Merge output map

1.2. Add a class for yaml map factory bean tests. It allows to:

	Handle test set ignore resource not found;
	Handle test set barf on resource not found;
	Handle test get object;
	Handle test override and remove defaults;
	Handle test first found;
	Get description;
	Get input stream;
	Handle test map with periods in key;
	Handle test map with integer value;
	Handle test duplicate key

1.3. Add a class for yaml processor tests. It allows to:

	Convert array converted;
	Handle test string resource;
	Handle test bad document start;
	Handle test bad resource;
	Map converted  to indexed bean reference;
	Handle integer key behaves;
	Handle integer deep key behaves;
	Get flattened map is same as properties but ordered

1.4. Add a class for yaml properties factory bean. It allows to:

	Set singleton;
	Check if yaml properties factory bean is singleton;
	Handle after properties set;
	Get object;
	Get object type;
	Create properties

1.5. Add a class for yaml properties factory bean tests. It allows to:

	Handle test load resource;
	Handle test bad resource;
	Handle test load resources with override;
	Handle test load resources with internal override;
	Handle test load resources with nested internal override;
	Handle test load resource with multiple documents;
	Handle test load resource with selected documents;
	Handle test load resource with default match;
	Handle test load resource without default match;
	Get matches;
	Handle test load resource with default match skipping missed match;
	Handle test load non existent resource;
	Handle test load null;
	Handle test load empty array value;
	Handle test load array of string;
	Handle test load array of integer;
	Handle test load array of object;
	Handle test yaml

