BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.number:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.tcp.reactor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.commonj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.htmlunit.webdriver:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

