BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (gradle.properties, castorbuilder.properties, mapping.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.aopalliance.intercept:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.commons.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.weaving:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.log:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit.jupiter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

