BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (gradle.properties, job-scheduling-data.xml, jmsNamespaceHandlerTests.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.ehcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.weaving:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.serializer.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.work:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.lob:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1.1. Add a class for mock async context. It allows to:

	Instantiate mock async context  with servlet request, servlet response and servlet response;
	Add dispatch handler;
	Get request;
	Get response;
	Check if mock async context has original request and response;
	Dispatch mock async context;
	Dispatch servlet context;
	Get dispatched path;
	Complete mock async context;
	Start runnable;
	Add listener;
	Get listeners;
	Create listener;
	Set timeout;
	Get timeout

1.2. Add a class for mock session cookie config. It allows to:

	Set name;
	Get name;
	Set domain;
	Get domain;
	Set path;
	Get path;
	Set comment;
	Get comment;
	Set http  only;
	Check if mock session cookie config is http only;
	Set secure;
	Check if mock session cookie config is secure;
	Set max age;
	Get max age

2. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web.test:  

2.1. Add a class for mock session cookie config. It allows to:

	Set name;
	Get name;
	Set domain;
	Get domain;
	Set path;
	Get path;
	Set comment;
	Get comment;
	Set http  only;
	Check if mock session cookie config is http only;
	Set secure;
	Check if mock session cookie config is secure;
	Set max age;
	Get max age

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.domain:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.eclipselink:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.caucho:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.rmi:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.commonj:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.test.annotation:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.tests.sample.beans:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.annotation:  

3.1. Add a class for jta transaction annotation parser. It allows to:

	Check if jta transaction annotation parser is candidate class;
	Parse transaction annotation;
	Check if jta transaction annotation parser equals;
	Hash code

4. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.config:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.context.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf.el:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.freemarker:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

