BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (TopLevelAopTagTests-context.xml, ScopedProxyAutowireTests-scopedAutowireFalse.xml, ScopedProxyAutowireTests-scopedAutowireTrue.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.asm:  

1.1. Add a class for current frame. It allows to:

	Instantiate current frame  with owner label;
	Execute symbol arg

2. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for bean definition customizer. It allows to:

	Customize bd bean definition

3. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.context.i18n:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.context.index:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.converter:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.reactive:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

3.1. Add a class for server sent event http message reader. It allows to:

	Instantiate server sent event http message reader;
	Instantiate server sent event http message reader  with decoder;
	Get decoder;
	Get readable media types;
	Read element type;
	Check if server sent event http message reader is server sent event;
	Build event;
	Decode data;
	Read mono

3.2. Add a class for server sent event http message reader tests. It allows to:

	Handle cant read;
	Read server sent event http message reader tests;
	Read server sent events;
	Read server sent events  with multiple chunks;
	Read string;
	Read pojo;
	Decode full content  as string;
	Read error;
	String buffer

4. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

4.1. Add a class for abstract listener write processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract listener write processor;
	Get log prefix;
	Process abstract listener write processor abstract listener write processor on subscribe;
	Process abstract listener write processor abstract listener write processor on next;
	Process abstract listener write processor abstract listener write processor on error;
	Process abstract listener write processor abstract listener write processor on complete;
	Process abstract listener write processor abstract listener write processor on write possible;
	Cancel abstract listener write processor;
	Subscribe subscriber;
	Check if abstract listener write processor is data empty;
	Handle data received;
	Check if abstract listener write processor is write possible;
	Write data;
	Paused abstract listener write processor;
	Writing complete;
	Failed ex throwable;
	Discard data;
	Change state;
	Change state  to received;
	Change state  to complete;
	Write abstract listener write processor if possible;
	Discard current data;

4.2. Add a class for server http response decorator. It allows to:

	Instantiate server http response decorator  with delegate server http response;
	Get delegate;
	Set status code;
	Get status code;
	Get headers;
	Get cookies;
	Add cookie;
	Buffer factory;
	Commit commit;
	Check if server http response decorator is committed;
	Write  with body publisher;
	Write and flush  with body publisher;
	Set complete;
	Convert server http response decorator to string

5. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive.bootstrap:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.tcp.reactor:  

5.1. Add a class for abstract nio buffer reactor netty codec. It allows to:

	Decode input buffer;
	Encode message;
	Decode internal;
	Encode internal

6. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http.server.reactive:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http.server.reactive.test:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.client.match:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.commons:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.adapter:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.jetty:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

