BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (TopLevelAopTagTests-context.xml, ScopedProxyAutowireTests-scopedAutowireFalse.xml, ScopedProxyAutowireTests-scopedAutowireTrue.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.asm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.i18n:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.index:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.tcp.reactor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http.server.reactive.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.client.match:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.commons:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

