BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a small modifier commit that does not change the system significantly.This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (log4j2-test.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

1.1. Add a class for logging codec support. It allows to:

	Set enable logging request details;
	Check if logging codec support is enable logging request details

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.xml:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request.async:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.accept:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.config:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.handler:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.resource:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.adapter:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.handler:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

