BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, merge.properties, test-source-set-dependencies.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.scope:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.weaving:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests:  

1.1. Rename type Matchers with Matchers

1.2. Rename type TestGroupTest with TestGroupTests

2. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

