BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (gradle.properties, README.txt, gradle-wrapper.properties, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.commons.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.asm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.weaving:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.log:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.multipart:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jaxb:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit.jupiter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.htmlunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.setup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests.sample.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.accept:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.commons:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server.upgrade:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

