BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.weaving:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.lob:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.naming:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jibx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.rmi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.commonj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

