BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (FactoryBeanTests-abstract.xml, placeholder.properties, cache-advice.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation.componentscan.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.common:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.rmi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.hierarchies.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.profile.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.profile.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.testng:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request.async:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.support:  

