BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.feed:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.weblogic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.setup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.comparator:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.accept:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

