BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (log4j2-test.xml, foo.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.commons.logging:  

1.1. Rename type Log with Log

1.2. Rename type LogFactory with LogFactory

2. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.transaction:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.codec:  

2.1. Add a class for decoding exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate decoding exception;
	Instantiate decoding exception  with cause throwable

2.2. Add a class for encoding exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate encoding exception;
	Instantiate encoding exception  with cause throwable

3. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.reactive:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.multipart:  

3.1. Add an interface declaration  for file part. It allows to:

	Get filename;
	Transfer  to dest file;
	Transfer  to dest path

3.2. Add an interface declaration  for form field part. It allows to:

	Get value

3.3. Add a class for multipart http message reader. It allows to:

	Instantiate multipart http message reader  with part reader;
	Get readable media types;
	Read element type;
	Read mono;
	Convert multipart http message reader to multi value map;
	Convert multipart http message reader to list

3.4. Add an interface declaration  for part. It allows to:

	Name part;
	Get headers;
	Handle content

3.5. Add a class for synchronoss part http message reader tests. It allows to:

	Read synchronoss part http message reader tests;
	Resolve parts;
	Transfer synchronoss part http message reader tests to;
	Handle body error;
	Generate multipart request;
	Generate error multipart request

4. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.xml:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.support:  

4.1. Add a class for error message tests. It allows to:

	Convert test

5. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.reactive.server:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.reactive.server.samples.bind:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.htmlunit:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.annotation:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.config:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.handler:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

5.1. Add a class for principal argument resolver tests. It allows to:

	Check if principal argument resolver tests supports parameter;
	Handle resolver argument;
	Handle user principal

5.2. Add a class for web session argument resolver tests. It allows to:

	Check if web session argument resolver tests supports parameter;
	Handle resolver argument;
	Handle user web session

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.adapter:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.handler:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.session:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.support:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

