BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.editorconfig, gradle-wrapper.properties, annotation-cache-aspectj.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.foo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.scope:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.serviceloader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.caffeine:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.ehcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for my test bean. It allows to:

	My test bean

2. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.context.expression:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.context.i18n:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.context.index:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.context.weaving:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.codec:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.converter:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.buffer:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.serializer:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.style:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.filter:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.dao:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.dao.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.access:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.expression:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.common:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.format.number:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.format.number.money:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.format.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

2.1. Add a class for abstract jackson 2 decoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract jackson 2 decoder  with object mapper, mime types and mime types;
	Decode element type;
	Decode input publisher;
	Decode input publisher to mono;
	Decode internal;
	Get decode hints;
	Get decodable mime types;
	Get annotation

2.2. Add a class for abstract jackson 2 encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract jackson 2 encoder  with object mapper, mime types and mime types;
	Set streaming media types;
	Encode element type;
	Encode input stream publisher;
	Encode value;
	Customize writer;
	Get json encoding;
	Get encodable mime types;
	Get streaming media types;
	Get encode hints;
	Get annotation

2.3. Add a class for jackson 2 smile decoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate jackson 2 smile decoder;
	Instantiate jackson 2 smile decoder  with object mapper, mime types and mime types

2.4. Add a class for jackson 2 smile decoder tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate jackson 2 smile decoder tests;
	Decode jackson 2 smile decoder tests;
	Write object;
	Decode jackson 2 smile decoder tests to mono

2.5. Add a class for jackson 2 smile encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate jackson 2 smile encoder;
	Instantiate jackson 2 smile encoder  with object mapper, mime types and mime types

2.6. Add a class for jackson 2 smile encoder tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate jackson 2 smile encoder tests;
	Handle pojo consumer;
	Encode jackson 2 smile encoder tests;
	Can jackson 2 smile encoder tests not encode;
	Encode error;
	Encode jackson 2 smile encoder tests as stream;
	Expect expected

2.7. Add a class for jackson 2 tokenizer. It allows to:

	Instantiate jackson 2 tokenizer  with json parser, deserialization context and deserialization context;
	Tokenize data buffer;
	Get end of input;
	Parse token buffer flux;
	Update depth;
	Handle process token normal;
	Handle process token array;
	Check if jackson 2 tokenizer is top level array token;
	Tokenize data buffers flux

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.multipart:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.xml:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.feed:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.protobuf:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server:  

3.1. Add a class for default path container tests. It allows to:

	Handle path segment;
	Handle path segment params;
	Handle test path segment;
	Handle path;
	Handle test path;
	Sub path

3.2. Add a class for default request path. It allows to:

	Instantiate default request path  with URI;
	Instantiate default request path  with request path;
	Handle init context path;
	Validate context path;
	Extract path  within application;
	Get value;
	Get elements;
	Get context path;
	Get path within application;
	Modify context path;
	Check if default request path equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert default request path to string

3.3. Add a class for default request path tests. It allows to:

	Handle request path;
	Handle test request path;
	Update request path

3.4. Add an interface declaration  for request path. It allows to:

	Get context path;
	Get path within application;
	Modify context path;
	Parse URI

4. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.glassfish:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.jboss:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.tomcat:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.weblogic:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.websphere:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.connection:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.core:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.core.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.object:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.context:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.endpoint:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.work:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.object:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.lob:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.rowset:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.xml:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.config:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.destination:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.access:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.metadata:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.naming:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.mail:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.core:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.user:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.support:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.tcp:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.env:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http.client:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http.server.reactive:  

4.1. Add a class for mock server http request tests. It allows to:

	Handle cookie header set;
	Handle query params

4.2. Add a class for mock server http response tests. It allows to:

	Handle cookie header set

5. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.http.server.reactive.test:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.jndi:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.orm:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.hibernate5:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jaxb:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jibx:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.mime:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.caucho:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.rmi:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.commonj:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.bsh:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.config:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.groovy:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.annotation:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.cache:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit.jupiter:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.rules:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.testng:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.transaction:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.util:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.web:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.web.socket:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.jdbc:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.util:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.client:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.client.match:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.client.response:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.reactive.server:  

5.1. Add an interface declaration  for mock server configurer. It allows to:

	Handle after configure added;
	Handle before server created

5.2. Add an interface declaration  for web test client configurer. It allows to:

	Handle after configurer added

6. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.reactive.server.samples.bind:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.htmlunit:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.htmlunit.webdriver:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.request:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.setup:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.annotation:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.config:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.context:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.context.support:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.util.comparator:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.util.concurrent:  

6.1. Add a class for delegating completable future. It allows to:

	Instantiate delegating completable future  with delegate future;
	Cancel delegating completable future

7. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

7. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

7. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

7. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.support:  

7. Changes to package org.springframework.web:  

7. Changes to package org.springframework.web.accept:  

7. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

7. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

7. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

7.1. Add a class for extracting response error handler. It allows to:

	Instantiate extracting response error handler;
	Instantiate extracting response error handler  with message converters list;
	Set message converters;
	Set status mapping;
	Set series mapping;
	Check if extracting response error handler has error;
	Handle error;
	Extract exception class

8. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

8. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

8. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request.async:  

8. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

8. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors:  

8. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors.reactive:  

8.1. Add a class for cors web filter. It allows to:

	Instantiate cors web filter  with configuration source;
	Instantiate cors web filter  with configuration source, cors processor and cors processor;
	Get filter

8.2. Add a class for cors web filter tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Non cors request;
	Handle same origin request;
	Handle valid actual request;
	Handle invalid actual request;
	Handle valid pre flight request;
	Handle invalid pre flight request

9. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

9.1. Add a class for relative redirect filter. It allows to:

	Set redirect status;
	Get redirect status;
	Do filter internal

9.2. Add a class for relative redirect filter tests. It allows to:

	Send redirect http status when null  then illegal argument exception;
	Send redirect http status when  not 3 xx then illegal argument exception;
	Do filter send redirect when defaults  then location and 303;
	Do filter send redirect when custom send redirect http status  then location and 301;
	Wrap relative redirect filter tests once only;
	Send redirect

9.3. Add a class for relative redirect response wrapper. It allows to:

	Instantiate relative redirect response wrapper  with http servlet response, redirect status and redirect status;
	Send redirect;
	Wrap http servlet response if necessary

10. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf:  

10. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf.el:  

10. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method:  

10. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

10. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.support:  

10. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart:  

10. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.commons:  

10. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

10.1. Add a class for standard multipart http servlet request tests. It allows to:

	Handle filename;
	Handle filename rfc 5987;
	Handle filename rfc 2047;
	Handle multipart file resource;
	Get request with part

11. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive:  

11. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.accept:  

11.1. Add a class for parameter content type resolver tests. It allows to:

	No key;
	No match  for key;
	Resolve key  from registrations;
	Resolve key  through media type factory;
	Resolve key is case insensitive;
	Create exchange

11.2. Add a class for requested content type resolver builder tests. It allows to:

	Handle default settings;
	Handle parameter resolver;
	Handle parameter resolver with custom param name;
	Get fixed resolver;
	Handle resolver

12. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.config:  

12. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function:  

12. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client:  

12. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server:  

12. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support:  

12. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.handler:  

12. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.resource:  

12.1. Add a class for abstract file name version strategy. It allows to:

	Extract version;
	Remove version;
	Add version

12.2. Add a class for abstract prefix version strategy. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract prefix version strategy;
	Extract version;
	Remove version;
	Add version

13. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result:  

13. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition:  

13. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method:  

13. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

13. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view:  

13. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker:  

13. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.script:  

13. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket:  

13. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.adapter:  

13.1. Add a class for tomcat web socket session. It allows to:

	Instantiate tomcat web socket session  with session, handshake info, data buffer factory and data buffer factory;
	Instantiate tomcat web socket session  with session, handshake info, data buffer factory, completion mono processor and completion mono processor;
	Can tomcat web socket session;
	Receiving tomcat web socket session;

14. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.client:  

14.1. Add an object creator class for tomcat web socket client. It allows to:

	Instantiate tomcat web socket client;
	Instantiate tomcat web socket client  with web socket container;
	Create web socket session

15. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server:  

15. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server.support:  

15. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server.upgrade:  

15. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server:  

15. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.adapter:  

15. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.handler:  

15. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.i18n:  

15.1. Add a class for accept header locale context resolver. It allows to:

	Set supported locales;
	Get supported locales;
	Set default locale;
	Get default locale;
	Resolve locale context;
	Resolve supported locale;
	Set locale context

15.2. Add a class for accept header locale context resolver tests. It allows to:

	Resolve accept header locale context resolver tests;
	Resolve preferred  not supported;
	Resolve preferred  not supported with default;
	Resolve preferred  against language only;
	Resolve preferred  against country if possible;
	Resolve preferred  against language with multiple supported locales;
	Resolve missing accept language header;
	Resolve missing accept language header  with default;
	Resolve empty accept language header;
	Resolve empty accept language header  with default;
	Resolve invalid accept language header;
	Resolve invalid accept language header  with default;
	Handle default locale;
	Get exchange

15.3. Add a class for fixed locale context resolver. It allows to:

	Instantiate fixed locale context resolver;
	Instantiate fixed locale context resolver  with locale;
	Instantiate fixed locale context resolver  with locale, time zone and time zone;
	Resolve locale context;
	Get locale;
	Get time zone;
	Set locale context

15.4. Add a class for fixed locale context resolver tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Resolve default locale;
	Resolve customized locale;
	Resolve customized and time zone locale;
	Get exchange

15.5. Add an interface declaration  for locale context resolver. It allows to:

	Resolve locale context;
	Set locale context

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.session:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.support:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.support:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.theme:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.document:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.freemarker:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.groovy:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.script:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.tiles3:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.xml:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.xslt:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.jetty:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client.jetty:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client.standard:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.handler:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.messaging:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.support:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.frame:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

16. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util.pattern:  

