BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jaxb:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.setup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

