BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.scope:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.serializer.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.destination:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.notification:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.soap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.groovy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.comparator:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.commons:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package test.mixin:  

