BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors:  

1.1. Add a class for cors configuration. It allows to:

	Instantiate cors configuration;
	Instantiate cors configuration  with other cors configuration;
	Set allowed origins;
	Get allowed origins;
	Add allowed origin;
	Set allowed methods;
	Get allowed methods;
	Add allowed method;
	Set allowed headers;
	Get allowed headers;
	Add allowed header;
	Set exposed headers;
	Get exposed headers;
	Add exposed header;
	Set allow credentials;
	Get allow credentials;
	Set max age;
	Get max age;
	Apply permit default values;
	Combine other cors configuration;
	Combine source list;
	Check origin;
	Check http method;
	Check headers

1.2. Add an interface declaration  for cors configuration source. It allows to:

	Get cors configuration

1.3. Add an interface declaration  for cors processor. It allows to:

	Handle process request

1.4. Add a class for cors utils. It allows to:

	Check if cors utils is cors request;
	Get port;
	Check if cors utils is pre flight request

1.5. Add a class for cors utils tests. It allows to:

	Check if cors utils tests is cors request;
	Check if cors utils tests is not cors request;
	Check if cors utils tests is pre flight request;
	Check if cors utils tests is not pre flight request

1.6. Add a class for default cors processor. It allows to:

	Handle process request;
	Reject request;
	Handle internal;
	Check origin;
	Check methods;
	Get method  to use;
	Check headers;
	Get headers  to use

1.7. Add a class for default cors processor tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle request without origin header;
	Handle same origin request;
	Handle actual request with origin header;
	Handle actual request with origin header and null config;
	Handle actual request with origin header and allowed origin;
	Handle actual request credentials;
	Handle actual request credentials with origin wildcard;
	Handle actual request case insensitive origin match;
	Handle actual request exposed headers;
	Handle preflight request all origins allowed;
	Handle preflight request wrong allowed method;
	Handle preflight request matched allowed method;
	Handle preflight request test with origin but without other headers;
	Handle preflight request without request method;
	Handle preflight request with request and method header but no config;
	Handle preflight request valid request and config;
	Handle preflight request credentials;
	Handle preflight request credentials with origin wildcard;
	Handle preflight request allowed headers;
	Handle preflight request allows all headers;
	Handle preflight request with empty headers;
	Handle preflight request with null config

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.support:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport:  

