BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.ehcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.serializer.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.work:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.namedparam:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.lob:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.caucho:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.commonj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.freemarker:  

