BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

