BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.serviceloader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.ehcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.event:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.weaving:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.style:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.multipart:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support.lob:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.destination:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jibx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.xstream:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.bsh:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.groovy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.socket.server.upgrade:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.messaging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

