BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (class-mapping.xml, name-mapping.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.htmlunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

