BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract database initialization tests. It allows to:

	Set abstract database initialization tests;
	Shut abstract database initialization tests;
	Get embedded database type;
	Get resource;
	Get default schema;
	Get users schema;
	Assert users database created

1.2. Add a class for abstract database populator tests. It allows to:

	Handle script with single line comments and failed drop;
	Handle script with standard escaped literal;
	Handle script with my sql escaped literal;
	Handle script with multiple statements;
	Handle script with multiple statements and long separator;
	Handle script with multiple statements and whitespace separator;
	Handle script with multiple statements and newline separator;
	Handle script with multiple statements and multiple newline separator;
	Handle script with eol between tokens;
	Handle script with comments within statements;
	Handle script without statement separator;
	Handle constructor with multiple script resources;
	Handle script with select statements;
	Handle uses bound connection if available;
	Check if abstract database populator tests executes huge script in reasonable time;
	Assert test database created;

1.3. Add a class for h 2 database populator tests. It allows to:

	Get embedded database type;
	Convert script with H

1.4. Add a class for hsql database populator tests. It allows to:

	Get embedded database type

1.5. Add a class for script utils integration tests. It allows to:

	Get embedded database type;
	Set up schema;
	Execute sql script containing multi line comments;
	Execute sql script containing single quotes nested  inside double quotes

1.6. Add a class for script utils unit tests. It allows to:

	Handle split sql script delimited with semicolon;
	Handle split sql script delimited with new line;
	Handle split sql script delimited with new line but default delimiter specified;
	Split script  with single quotes nested inside double quotes;
	Read and split script  with multiple newlines as separator;
	Read and split script containing comments;
	Read and split script containing comments  with leading tabs;
	Read and split script containing multi line comments;
	Read and split script containing multi line nested comments;
	Check if script utils unit tests contains delimiters;
	Read script

