BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.aopalliance.intercept:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.asm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.destination:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.notification:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.reactive.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

