BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (gradle-wrapper.properties, annotation-cache-aspectj.xml, FactoryBeanTests-circular.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package example.scannable:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.asm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.ehcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.feed:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.weblogic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.destination:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.invocation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.broker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.user:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.domain:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.hibernate:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.testng:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.samples.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.setup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests.sample.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.comparator:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.accept:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request.async:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.feed:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.groovy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.xslt:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.adapter.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.messaging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.frame:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.sockjs.transport.session:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

