BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for async listenable task executor. It allows to:

	Submit listenable;

2. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.util.concurrent:  

2.1. Add a class for future adapter. It allows to:

	Instantiate future adapter  with adaptee future;
	Get future adapter adaptee;
	Cancel future adapter;
	Check if future adapter is canceled;
	Check if future adapter is done;
	Get future adapter;
	Get time unit;
	Adapt internal;
	Adapt adaptee result

2.2. Add a class for future adapter tests. It allows to:

	Set future adapter tests;
	Adapt adaptee result integer;
	Cancel future adapter tests;
	Check if future adapter tests is canceled;
	Check if future adapter tests is done;
	Get future adapter tests;
	Get time  out

2.3. Add an interface declaration  for listenable future. It allows to:

	Add callback;
	Handle completable

2.4. Add a class for listenable future adapter. It allows to:

	Instantiate listenable future adapter  with adaptee listenable future;
	Add callback;
	Process  on success;
	Process  on failure

2.5. Add an interface declaration  for listenable future callback

2.6. Add a class for listenable future callback registry. It allows to:

	Add callback;
	Notify success;
	Notify failure;
	Add success callback;
	Add failure callback;
	Handle success;
	Handle failure

2.7. Add a class for listenable future task. It allows to:

	Instantiate listenable future task  with callable;
	Instantiate listenable future task  with runnable, result and result;
	Add callback;
	Handle completable;
	Get done

2.8. Add a class for listenable future task tests. It allows to:

	Handle success;
	Process  on success;
	Process  on failure;
	Handle failure;
	Handle success with lambdas;
	Handle failure with lambdas

3. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

