BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (log4j.properties, ParameterizedDependencyInjectionTests-context.xml, transactionalTests-context.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.rules:  

1.1. Add a class for basic annotation config wac spring rule tests

1.2. Add a class for before and after transaction annotation spring rule tests

1.3. Add a class for class level disabled spring rule tests

1.4. Add a class for enabled and ignored spring rule tests

1.5. Add a class for parameterized spring rule tests. It allows to:

	Get employee data;
	Process parameterized spring rule tests parameterized spring rule tests before class;
	Verify pet and employee;
	Verify num parameterized runs

1.6. Add an object creator class for spring method rule. It allows to:

	Apply base statement;
	Process spring method rule spring method rule with before test method callbacks;
	Process spring method rule spring method rule with after test method callbacks;
	Process spring method rule spring method rule with test instance preparation;
	Process spring method rule spring method rule with potential repeat;
	Process spring method rule spring method rule with potential timeout;
	Process spring method rule spring method rule with profile value check

1.7. Add a class for timed transactional spring rule tests. It allows to:

	Handle transactional with J unit timeout;
	Handle transactional with J unit rule based timeout

1.8. Add a class for transactional sql scripts spring rule tests. It allows to:

	Handle test 01 class level scripts;
	Handle test 02 method level scripts

2. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements:  

2.1. Add a class for profile value checker. It allows to:

	Instantiate profile value checker  with next statement, test class, test method and test method;
	Evaluate profile value checker

2.2. Add a class for run prepare test instance callbacks. It allows to:

	Instantiate run prepare test instance callbacks  with next statement, test context manager and test context manager;
	Evaluate run prepare test instance callbacks

