BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.propertyeditors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support.destination:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.naming:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jaxb:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm.jibx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.groovy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.request:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.multipart.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags.form:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.theme:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.xslt:  

