BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for script evaluator. It allows to:

	Evaluate script source;

2. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.bsh:  

2.1. Add a class for bsh script evaluator. It allows to:

	Instantiate bsh script evaluator;
	Instantiate bsh script evaluator  with class loader;
	Set bean class loader;
	Evaluate script source;

2.2. Add a class for bsh script evaluator tests. It allows to:

	Handle test bsh script from string;
	Handle test bsh script from file;
	Handle test groovy script with arguments

3. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.groovy:  

3.1. Add a class for groovy script evaluator. It allows to:

	Instantiate groovy script evaluator;
	Instantiate groovy script evaluator  with class loader;
	Set compiler configuration;
	Get compiler configuration;
	Set compilation customizers;
	Set bean class loader;
	Evaluate script source;

3.2. Add a class for groovy script evaluator tests. It allows to:

	Handle test groovy script from string;
	Handle test groovy script from file;
	Handle test groovy script with arguments;
	Handle test groovy script with compiler configuration;
	Handle test groovy script with import customizer;
	Handle test groovy script from string using jsr 223;
	Handle test groovy script from file using jsr 223;
	Handle test groovy script with arguments using jsr 223

4. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

4.1. Add a class for standard script evaluator. It allows to:

	Instantiate standard script evaluator;
	Instantiate standard script evaluator  with class loader;
	Instantiate standard script evaluator  with script engine manager;
	Set language;
	Set engine name;
	Set global bindings;
	Set bean class loader;
	Evaluate script source;
	Get script engine

