BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors.reactive:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for cors configuration source. It allows to:

	Get cors configuration

1.2. Add an interface declaration  for cors processor. It allows to:

	Handle process

1.3. Add a class for cors utils. It allows to:

	Check if cors utils is cors request;
	Check if cors utils is pre flight request;
	Check if cors utils is same origin;
	Get port

1.4. Add a class for cors utils tests. It allows to:

	Check if cors utils tests is cors request;
	Check if cors utils tests is not cors request;
	Check if cors utils tests is pre flight request;
	Check if cors utils tests is not pre flight request;
	Check if cors utils tests is same origin with X forwarded headers;
	Check if cors utils tests is same origin with forwarded header;
	Check if cors utils tests is same origin with different schemes;
	Handle test with X forwarded headers;
	Handle test with forwarded header;
	Adapt mock server http request base builder from forwarded headers

1.5. Add a class for default cors processor. It allows to:

	Handle process;
	Reject request;
	Handle internal;
	Check origin;
	Check methods;
	Get method  to use;
	Check headers;
	Get headers  to use

1.6. Add a class for default cors processor tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle request without origin header;
	Handle same origin request;
	Handle actual request with origin header;
	Handle actual request with origin header and null config;
	Handle actual request with origin header and allowed origin;
	Handle actual request credentials;
	Handle actual request credentials with origin wildcard;
	Handle actual request case insensitive origin match;
	Handle actual request exposed headers;
	Handle preflight request all origins allowed;
	Handle preflight request wrong allowed method;
	Handle preflight request matched allowed method;
	Handle preflight request test with origin but without other headers;
	Handle preflight request without request method;
	Handle preflight request with request and method header but no config;
	Handle preflight request valid request and config;
	Handle preflight request credentials;
	Handle preflight request credentials with origin wildcard;
	Handle preflight request allowed headers;
	Handle preflight request allows all headers;
	Handle preflight request with empty headers;
	Handle preflight request with null config;
	Handle actual request;
	Pre flight request;
	Get cors request

1.7. Add a class for url based cors configuration source. It allows to:

	Instantiate url based cors configuration source;
	Instantiate url based cors configuration source  with path pattern parser;
	Set cors configurations;
	Register cors configuration;
	Get cors configuration

1.8. Add a class for url based cors configuration source tests. It allows to:

	Handle empty;
	Register url based cors configuration source tests

