BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (log4j2-test.xml, foo.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.parsing:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.reactive.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.reactive.server.samples.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.htmlunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.result:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ui:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.function.server.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.session:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

