BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.index:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.dao:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.codec.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.handler.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet.setup:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.adapter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

