BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.target:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.serializer.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.task.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.glassfish:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.junit4.statements:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation.beanvalidation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

