BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.wiring:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.annotation.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.io:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.type.classreading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.ast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.expression.spel.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.feed:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.instrument.classloading.weblogic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.oxm:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.rmi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.quartz:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scripting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.tests.aop.advice:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.method.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package test.aop:  

