BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.aspectj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.framework.autoproxy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.aop.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.serviceloader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.factory.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.beans.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.ehcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.cache.jcache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.core.convert.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.ejb.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.format.datetime.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.converter.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.http.server.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.cci.object:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jca.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.datasource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jdbc.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.connection:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.core.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.listener.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.remoting:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jms.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.access:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.assembler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.export.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jmx.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.jndi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mail.javamail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.converter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.annotation.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.simp.stomp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.messaging.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.mock.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.hibernate5:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.hibernate5.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.persistenceunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.orm.jpa.vendor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.httpinvoker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.jaxws:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.remoting.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.scheduling.config:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.test.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.interceptor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.jta:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.transaction.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.util.xml:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.bind.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.context.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.cors:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.jsf:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.reactive.result.view.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.server.i18n:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.i18n:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.resource:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.support:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.tags:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.servlet.view.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.config.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.socket.server.standard:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.web.util:  

