BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.buffer:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.channel:  

1.1. Add a class for channel inbound handler adapter. It allows to:

	Registered ctx channel handler context;
	Channel unregistered;
	Channel active;
	Channel inactive;
	Channel read;
	Handle channel read complete;
	Handle user event triggered;
	Channel writability changed;
	Handle exception caught

1.2. Add a class for channel outbound handler adapter. It allows to:

	Handle bind;
	Connect ctx channel handler context;
	Disconnect ctx channel handler context;
	Close channel outbound handler adapter;
	Deregister ctx channel handler context;
	Read ctx channel handler context;
	Write ctx channel handler context;
	Handle flush

1.3. Add a class for simple channel inbound handler. It allows to:

	Instantiate simple channel inbound handler;
	Instantiate simple channel inbound handler  with inbound message type class;
	Accept inbound message;
	Channel read;
	Channel ctx channel handler context

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.group:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.local:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.oio:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.rxtx:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.sctp:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.nio:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.oio:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.udt:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.udt.nio:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.discard:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.echo:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.factorial:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.file:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.snoop:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.upload:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.client:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.localecho:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.objectecho:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.portunification:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.proxy:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.qotm:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.rxtx:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.sctp:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.securechat:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.socksproxy:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.telnet:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.bytes:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.message:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.rendezvous:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.rendezvousBytes:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.uptime:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.worldclock:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.base64:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.bytes:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.compression:  

2.1. Add a class for decompression exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate decompression exception;
	Instantiate decompression exception  with cause throwable;

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.frame:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.websocketx:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.marshalling:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.protobuf:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.sctp:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.socks:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.spdy:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.string:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.logging:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.timeout:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.test.udt.nio:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.test.udt.util:  

