BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.buffer:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec:  

1.1. Add a class for default headers impl. It allows to:

	Instantiate default headers impl  with name hashing strategy, value converter, name validator and name validator

1.2. Add a class for unsupported value converter. It allows to:

	Instantiate unsupported value converter;
	Get instance;
	Convert object;
	Convert boolean;
	Convert value to boolean;
	Convert byte;
	Convert value to byte;
	Convert char;
	Convert value to char;
	Convert short;
	Convert value to short;
	Convert int;
	Convert value to int;
	Convert unsupported value converter long;
	Convert  to long value;
	Convert time millis;
	Convert value to time millis;
	Convert float;
	Convert value to float;
	Convert double;
	Convert value to double

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http2:  

2.1. Add a class for char sequence map. It allows to:

	Instantiate char sequence map;
	Instantiate char sequence map  with value converter;

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.spdy:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.stomp:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.util:  

3.1. Add a class for ascii string character test. It allows to:

	Handle test get bytes string builder;
	Handle test get bytes string;
	Handle test get bytes ascii string;
	Handle test comparison with string;
	Handle sub sequence test;
	Handle test contains;
	Contains ascii string character test;
	Handle test case sensitivity;
	Do case sensitivity;
	Handle case insensitive hasher char buffer;
	Handle test boolean utility methods;
	Handle test equals ignore case;
	Handle test index of ignore case;
	Handle test index of ignore case ascii;
	Handle test trim;
	Handle test index of char;
	Handle test index of char sequence;
	Handle test static index of char;
	Handle test last index of char sequence;
	Handle test replace;
	Handle test sub string hash code;
	Handle test index of

3.2. Add a class for ascii string memory test. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle test shared memory;
	Handle test not shared memory;
	Process ascii string memory test ascii string memory test for each test;
	Handle process;
	Process ascii string memory test ascii string memory test for each with index end test;
	Process ascii string memory test ascii string memory test for each with index begin test;
	Process ascii string memory test ascii string memory test for each desc test;
	Process ascii string memory test ascii string memory test for each desc with index end test;
	Process ascii string memory test ascii string memory test for each desc with index begin test;
	Handle sub sequence test;
	Copy test

4. Changes to package io.netty.util.internal:  

