BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.buffer:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.channel:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for addressed envelope. It allows to:

	Handle content;
	Get sender;
	Handle recipient;
	Retain addressed envelope;
	Touch addressed envelope;

1.2. Add a class for default addressed envelope. It allows to:

	Instantiate default addressed envelope  with message, recipient, sender and sender;
	Instantiate default addressed envelope  with message, recipient and recipient;
	Handle content;
	Get sender;
	Handle recipient;
	Ref cnt;
	Retain default addressed envelope;
	Handle release;
	Touch default addressed envelope;
	Convert default addressed envelope to string

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.sctp:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.nio:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.oio:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.udt:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.udt.nio:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.file:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.snoop:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.upload:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.client:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.qotm:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.message:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.rendezvous:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.multipart:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.websocketx:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.sctp:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.spdy:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.test.udt.util:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.util.internal:  

