BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.discard:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.echo:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.factorial:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.file:  

1.1. Add a class for file server. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Handle init channel

1.2. Add a class for file server handler. It allows to:

	Channel active;
	Channel ctx channel handler context;
	Handle exception caught

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.cors:  

2.1. Add a class for http cors server. It allows to:

	Handle main

2.2. Add a class for http cors server initializer. It allows to:

	Instantiate http cors server initializer  with ssl context;
	Handle init channel

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.file:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.helloworld:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.snoop:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.upload:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.client:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.server:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.localecho:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.memcache.binary:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.objectecho:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.portunification:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.proxy:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.qotm:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.rxtx:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.sctp:  

3.1. Add a class for sctp echo client. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Handle init channel

3.2. Add a class for sctp echo server. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Handle init channel

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.securechat:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.socksproxy:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.spdy.client:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.spdy.server:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.telnet:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.bytes:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.message:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.rendezvous:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.udt.echo.rendezvousBytes:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.uptime:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.worldclock:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.socks:  

