BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, pom.xml, assembly.xml, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.channel:  

1.1. Add a class for channel metadata. It allows to:

	Instantiate channel metadata;
	Check if channel metadata has disconnect;
	Get default max messages per read

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.embedded:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.group:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.local:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.nio:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.oio:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.factorial:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.snoop:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.portunification:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.compression:  

2.1. Add a class for j zlib decoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate j zlib decoder;
	Instantiate j zlib decoder  with zlib wrapper;
	Check if j zlib decoder is closed;
	Decode ctx channel handler context

2.2. Add a class for j zlib encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate j zlib encoder;
	Instantiate j zlib encoder  with zlib wrapper;
	Close j zlib encoder;
	Run;
	Get ctx;
	Check if j zlib encoder is closed;
	Encode ctx channel handler context;
	Handle operation complete;
	Handle handler added

2.3. Add a class for jdk zlib encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate jdk zlib encoder;
	Instantiate jdk zlib encoder  with zlib wrapper;
	Close jdk zlib encoder;
	Run;
	Get ctx;
	Check if jdk zlib encoder is closed;
	Encode ctx channel handler context;
	Allocate buffer;
	Handle operation complete;
	Deflate out byte buf;
	Handle handler added

2.4. Add an object creator class for zlib codec factory. It allows to:

	Check if zlib codec factory is supporting window size and mem level;
	Handle new zlib encoder;
	Handle new zlib decoder;
	Instantiate zlib codec factory

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http:  

3.1. Add a class for client cookie encoder. It allows to:

	Encode client cookie encoder;
	Encode cookie;
	Encode cookies;
	Encode cookies iterable;
	Instantiate client cookie encoder

3.2. Add a class for http server codec test. It allows to:

	Handle test unfinished chunked http request is last flag;
	Handle test 100 continue;
	Handle test chunked head response;
	Handle test chunked head full http response;
	Prepare data chunk

3.3. Add a class for server cookie encoder. It allows to:

	Encode server cookie encoder;
	Encode cookie;
	Encode cookies;
	Encode cookies collection;
	Encode cookies iterable;
	Instantiate server cookie encoder

4. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.websocketx:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.handler.timeout:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.util:  

