BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.resolver:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract address resolver. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract address resolver  with event executor;
	Instantiate abstract address resolver  with event executor, address type class and address type class;
	Get executor;
	Check if abstract address resolver is supported;
	Check if abstract address resolver is resolved;
	Do address;
	Resolve socket address;
	Resolve unresolved address;
	Do unresolved address;
	Close abstract address resolver

1.2. Add an interface declaration  for address resolver. It allows to:

	Check if address resolver is supported;
	Check if address resolver is resolved;
	Resolve socket address;
	Close address resolver

1.3. Add a class for address resolver group. It allows to:

	Instantiate address resolver group;
	Get resolver;
	Handle operation complete;
	Handle new resolver;
	Close address resolver group

1.4. Add an object creator class for default address resolver group. It allows to:

	Instantiate default address resolver group;
	Handle new resolver

1.5. Add a class for inet name resolver. It allows to:

	Instantiate inet name resolver  with event executor;
	Process inet name resolver inet name resolver as address resolver

1.6. Add a class for inet socket address resolver. It allows to:

	Instantiate inet socket address resolver  with event executor, name resolver and name resolver;
	Do inet socket address;
	Resolve unresolved address;
	Handle operation complete;
	Do unresolved address;
	Close inet socket address resolver

1.7. Add a class for noop address resolver. It allows to:

	Instantiate noop address resolver  with event executor;
	Do socket address;
	Resolve unresolved address;
	Do unresolved address

1.8. Add an object creator class for noop address resolver group. It allows to:

	Instantiate noop address resolver group;
	Handle new resolver

2. Changes to package io.netty.resolver.dns:  

2.1. Add a class for dns address resolver group. It allows to:

	Instantiate dns address resolver group  with dns name resolver builder;
	Instantiate dns address resolver group  with channel type class, name server address stream provider and name server address stream provider;
	Instantiate dns address resolver group  with channel factory, name server address stream provider and name server address stream provider;
	Handle new resolver;
	Handle new name resolver;
	Handle new address resolver

