BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.channel:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.factorial:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.file:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.snoop:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec:  

1.1. Add a class for decoder result. It allows to:

	Get failure;
	Instantiate decoder result  with cause throwable;
	Check if decoder result is finished;
	Check if decoder result is success;
	Check if decoder result is failure;
	Cause decoder result;
	Convert decoder result to string

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.base64:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.bytes:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http:  

2.1. Add a class for default http object. It allows to:

	Instantiate default http object;
	Handle decoder result;
	Get decoder result;
	Set decoder result;
	Hash code;
	Check if default http object equals

2.2. Add a class for http invalid message test. It allows to:

	Handle test request with bad initial line;
	Handle test request with bad header;
	Handle test response with bad initial line;
	Handle test response with bad header;
	Handle test bad chunk;
	Ensure inbound traffic discarded

2.3. Add an interface declaration  for http object. It allows to:

	Get decoder result

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.websocketx:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.protobuf:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.rtsp:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.serialization:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.spdy:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.string:  

