BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.buffer:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.channel:  

1.1. Add a class for channel metadata. It allows to:

	Instantiate channel metadata;
	Check if channel metadata has disconnect;
	Get default max messages per read

1.2. Add an interface declaration  for event loop group. It allows to:

	Handle next;
	Register channel;
	Register channel promise;

1.3. Add a class for multithread event loop group. It allows to:

	Instantiate multithread event loop group  with executor;
	Instantiate multithread event loop group  with thread factory;
	Instantiate multithread event loop group  with executor, event executor chooser factory and event executor chooser factory;
	Handle new default thread factory;
	Handle next;
	Handle new child;
	Register channel;
	Register channel promise;

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.embedded:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel.local:  

2.1. Add a class for local event loop group. It allows to:

	Instantiate local event loop group;
	Instantiate local event loop group  with thread factory

3. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.nio:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.oio:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.discard:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.echo:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.factorial:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.file:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.snoop:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.client:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.server:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.localecho:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.objectecho:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.portunification:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.proxy:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.qotm:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.securechat:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.telnet:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.uptime:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.compression:  

3.1. Add a class for j zlib decoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate j zlib decoder;
	Instantiate j zlib decoder  with zlib wrapper;
	Check if j zlib decoder is closed;
	Decode ctx channel handler context

3.2. Add a class for j zlib encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate j zlib encoder;
	Instantiate j zlib encoder  with zlib wrapper;
	Close j zlib encoder;
	Run;
	Get ctx;
	Check if j zlib encoder is closed;
	Encode ctx channel handler context;
	Handle operation complete;
	Handle handler added

3.3. Add a class for jdk zlib encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate jdk zlib encoder;
	Instantiate jdk zlib encoder  with zlib wrapper;
	Close jdk zlib encoder;
	Run;
	Get ctx;
	Check if jdk zlib encoder is closed;
	Encode ctx channel handler context;
	Allocate buffer;
	Handle operation complete;
	Deflate out byte buf;
	Handle handler added

3.4. Add an object creator class for zlib codec factory. It allows to:

	Check if zlib codec factory is supporting window size and mem level;
	Handle new zlib encoder;
	Handle new zlib decoder;
	Instantiate zlib codec factory

4. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http:  

4.1. Add a class for client cookie encoder. It allows to:

	Encode client cookie encoder;
	Encode cookie;
	Encode cookies;
	Encode cookies iterable;
	Instantiate client cookie encoder

4.2. Add a class for http server codec test. It allows to:

	Handle test unfinished chunked http request is last flag;
	Handle test 100 continue;
	Handle test chunked head response;
	Handle test chunked head full http response;
	Prepare data chunk

4.3. Add a class for server cookie encoder. It allows to:

	Encode server cookie encoder;
	Encode cookie;
	Encode cookies;
	Encode cookies collection;
	Encode cookies iterable;
	Instantiate server cookie encoder

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.websocketx:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.marshalling:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.serialization:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.spdy:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.ssl:  

5.1. Add a class for not ssl record exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate not ssl record exception;
	Instantiate not ssl record exception  with cause throwable;

6. Changes to package io.netty.handler.timeout:  

6. Changes to package io.netty.util:  

6. Changes to package io.netty.util.internal:  

