BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.bootstrap:  

1.1. Add a class for bootstrap. It allows to:

	Instantiate bootstrap;
	Instantiate bootstrap  with bootstrap;
	Get resolver;
	Handle remote address;
	Connect bootstrap;
	Connect inet address;
	Connect remote address;
	Do remote address;
	Handle operation complete;
	Do channel;
	Run;
	Handle init;
	Validate bootstrap;
	Clone bootstrap;
	Clone event loop group;
	Get config;

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.discard:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.echo:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.factorial:  

2. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.file:  

2.1. Add a class for http static file server initializer. It allows to:

	Instantiate http static file server initializer  with ssl context;
	Handle init channel

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.snoop:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.client:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.server:  

3.1. Add a class for web socket server initializer. It allows to:

	Instantiate web socket server initializer  with ssl context;
	Handle init channel

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.objectecho:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.portunification:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.proxy:  

4.1. Add a class for hex dump proxy backend handler. It allows to:

	Instantiate hex dump proxy backend handler  with inbound channel;
	Channel active;
	Channel read;
	Handle operation complete;
	Channel inactive;
	Handle exception caught

4.2. Add a class for hex dump proxy frontend handler. It allows to:

	Instantiate hex dump proxy frontend handler;
	Channel active;
	Handle operation complete;
	Channel read;
	Channel inactive;
	Handle exception caught;
	Close channel on flush

4.3. Add a class for hex dump proxy initializer. It allows to:

	Instantiate hex dump proxy initializer;
	Handle init channel

5. Changes to package io.netty.example.qotm:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.example.securechat:  

5.1. Add a class for secure chat client initializer. It allows to:

	Instantiate secure chat client initializer  with ssl context;
	Handle init channel

5.2. Add a class for secure chat server initializer. It allows to:

	Instantiate secure chat server initializer  with ssl context;
	Handle init channel

6. Changes to package io.netty.example.telnet:  

6.1. Add a class for telnet client initializer. It allows to:

	Instantiate telnet client initializer  with ssl context;
	Handle init channel

7. Changes to package io.netty.example.uptime:  

7. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec:  

