BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.bootstrap:  

1.1. Add a class for bootstrap. It allows to:

	Instantiate bootstrap;
	Instantiate bootstrap  with bootstrap;
	Get resolver;
	Handle remote address;
	Connect bootstrap;
	Connect inet address;
	Connect remote address;
	Do remote address;
	Handle operation complete;
	Do channel;
	Run;
	Handle init;
	Validate bootstrap;
	Clone bootstrap;
	Clone event loop group;
	Get config;

2. Changes to package io.netty.channel:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for channel factory. It allows to:

	Handle new channel

2.2. Add a class for default file region. It allows to:

	Instantiate default file region  with file channel;
	Instantiate default file region  with file;
	Check if default file region is open;
	Handle open;
	Get position;
	Get count;
	Get transfered;
	Get transferred;
	Transfer  to target writable byte channel;
	Handle deallocate;
	Retain default file region;
	Touch default file region;
	Validate default file region

2.3. Add an interface declaration  for file region. It allows to:

	Get position;
	Get transfered;
	Get transferred;
	Get count;
	Transfer  to target writable byte channel;
	Retain file region;
	Touch file region;

3. Changes to package io.netty.channel.group:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.channel.local:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.channel.sctp:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.nio:  

3.1. Add a class for nio datagram channel config. It allows to:

	Instantiate nio datagram channel config  with nio datagram channel, java channel and java channel;
	Get time  to live;
	Set time  to live;
	Get interface;
	Set interface;
	Get network interface;
	Set network interface;
	Check if nio datagram channel config is loopback mode disabled;
	Set loopback mode disabled;
	Set auto read;
	Handle auto read cleared;
	Get option 0;
	Set option 0;
	Set option;
	Get option;
	Get options

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.discard:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.echo:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.factorial:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.file:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.snoop:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.upload:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.client:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.server:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.objectecho:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.portunification:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.proxy:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.qotm:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.redis:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.securechat:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.telnet:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.example.uptime:  

4. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec:  

4.1. Add a class for premature channel closure exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate premature channel closure exception;
	Instantiate premature channel closure exception  with cause throwable;

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.base64:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.bytes:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.compression:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.frame:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.websocketx:  

5. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.marshalling:  

5.1. Add a class for channel buffer byte input. It allows to:

	Instantiate channel buffer byte input  with buffer;
	Close channel buffer byte input;
	Handle available;
	Read channel buffer byte input;
	Skip channel buffer byte input

5.2. Add a class for channel buffer byte output. It allows to:

	Instantiate channel buffer byte output  with buffer;
	Close channel buffer byte output;
	Handle flush;
	Write channel buffer byte output;
	Get buffer

5.3. Add a class for marshalling decoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate marshalling decoder  with unmarshaller provider;
	Decode ctx channel handler context;
	Extract frame

5.4. Add a class for marshalling encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate marshalling encoder  with marshaller provider;
	Encode ctx channel handler context

5.5. Add a class for river marshalling decoder test. It allows to:

	Get input;
	Create decoder;
	Process river marshalling decoder test river marshalling decoder test on too big frame

5.6. Add a class for river marshalling encoder test. It allows to:

	Truncate byte buf;
	Create encoder

5.7. Add an object creator class for river thread local marshalling decoder test. It allows to:

	Create provider

5.8. Add a class for serial marshalling decoder test. It allows to:

	Get input;
	Create decoder;
	Process serial marshalling decoder test serial marshalling decoder test on too big frame

5.9. Add a class for serial marshalling encoder test. It allows to:

	Truncate byte buf;
	Create encoder

5.10. Add an object creator class for serial thread local marshalling decoder test. It allows to:

	Create provider

6. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.protobuf:  

6. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.rtsp:  

6. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.serialization:  

6. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.spdy:  

6.1. Add a class for default spdy window update frame. It allows to:

	Instantiate default spdy window update frame;
	Get stream id;
	Set stream id;
	Handle delta window size;
	Set delta window size;
	Convert default spdy window update frame to string

6.2. Add a class for spdy session status. It allows to:

	Get value of;
	Instantiate spdy session status;
	Get code;
	Get status phrase;
	Hash code;
	Check if spdy session status equals;
	Convert spdy session status to string;
	Compare  to spdy session status

6.3. Add an interface declaration  for spdy window update frame. It allows to:

	Get stream id;
	Set stream id;
	Handle delta window size;
	Set delta window size

7. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.string:  

7. Changes to package io.netty.handler.logging:  

7. Changes to package io.netty.handler.timeout:  

