BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.upload:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.http2.tiles:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.stomp:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec:  

1.1. Add a class for char sequence value converter. It allows to:

	Convert object;
	Convert int;
	Convert char sequence value converter long;
	Convert double;
	Convert char;
	Convert boolean;
	Convert float;
	Convert value char sequence to boolean;
	Convert byte;
	Convert value char sequence to byte;
	Convert value char sequence to char;
	Convert short;
	Convert value char sequence to short;
	Convert value char sequence to int;
	Convert  to long value char sequence;
	Convert time millis;
	Convert value char sequence to time millis;
	Convert value char sequence to float;
	Convert value char sequence to double

1.2. Add an interface declaration  for value converter. It allows to:

	Convert object;
	Convert boolean;
	Convert value to boolean;
	Convert byte;
	Convert value to byte;
	Convert char;
	Convert value to char;
	Convert short;
	Convert value to short;
	Convert int;
	Convert value to int;
	Convert value converter long;
	Convert  to long value;
	Convert time millis;
	Convert value to time millis;
	Convert float;
	Convert value to float;
	Convert double;
	Convert value to double

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http:  

2.1. Add a class for combined http headers test. It allows to:

	Add char sequences  csv;
	Add char sequences csv  with existing header;
	Add combined headers when empty;
	Add combined headers when  not empty;
	Handle dont combine set cookie headers;
	Handle dont combine set cookie headers regardless of case;
	Set combined headers when  not empty;
	Add uncombined headers;
	Set uncombined headers;
	Add char sequences csv  with value containing comma;
	Add char sequences csv  with value containing commas;
	Add char sequences csv null value;
	Add char sequences csv multiple times;
	Add char sequence csv;
	Add char sequence csv single value;
	Add iterable csv;
	Add iterable csv  with existing header;
	Add iterable csv single value;
	Add iterable csv empty;
	Add object csv;
	Add objects  csv;
	Add objects iterable csv;
	Add objects csv  with existing header;
	Set char sequence csv;
	Set iterable csv;
	Set object objects csv;
	Set object iterable csv;
	Handle new combined http headers;
	Assert csv values;
	Assert csv value;
	Add values;
	Add object values;
	Handle test get all;
	Get all dont combine set cookie;
	Handle ows trimming;
	Handle value iterator;
	Non combinable header iterator;
	Assert value iterator

2.2. Add a class for http headers test utils. It allows to:

	Handle header value;
	Convert http headers test utils to string;
	Process http headers test utils http headers test utils as list;
	Get subset;
	Get subset as csv string;
	Process http headers test utils http headers test utils as csv;
	Get quoted;
	Check if http headers test utils contains;
	O http headers test utils;
	Instantiate http headers test utils

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.multipart:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.websocketx:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http2:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.spdy:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.stomp:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.microbench.headers:  

3. Changes to package io.netty.util:  

3.1. Add an interface declaration  for hashing strategy. It allows to:

	Hash code;
	Check if hashing strategy equals;
	Check if  equals

4. Changes to package io.netty.util.internal:  

