BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.channel:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.channel.socket.oio:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.discard:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.echo:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.factorial:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.file:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.snoop:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.client:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.http.websocketx.server:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.localecho:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.objectecho:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.portunification:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.proxy:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.qotm:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.securechat:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.telnet:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.example.uptime:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec:  

1.1. Add a class for delimiter based frame decoder test. It allows to:

	Handle test multiple lines stripped delimiters;
	Handle test incomplete lines stripped delimiters;
	Handle test multiple lines;
	Handle test incomplete lines;
	Handle test decode

2. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.http.websocketx:  

2.1. Add a class for web socket request builder. It allows to:

	Http version;
	Get method;
	Get uri;
	Get host;
	Upgrade upgrade char sequence;
	Get connection;
	Handle key;
	Get origin;
	Get version 13;
	Get version 8;
	Get version 00;
	No version;
	Build web socket request builder;
	Handle successful

2.2. Add a class for web socket server protocol handshake handler. It allows to:

	Instantiate web socket server protocol handshake handler;
	Channel read;
	Handle operation complete;
	Check if web socket server protocol handshake handler is not web socket path;
	Send http response;
	Get web socket location

