BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (NOTICE.txt, LICENSE.libdivsufsort.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package io.netty.handler.codec.compression:  

1.1. Add a class for bzip 2 bit writer. It allows to:

	Write bits;
	Write boolean;
	Write unary;
	Write int;
	Handle flush

1.2. Add a class for bzip 2 block compressor. It allows to:

	Handle process;
	Instantiate bzip 2 block compressor  with bzip 2 bit writer;
	Write symbol map;
	Write run;
	Write bzip 2 block compressor;
	Write buffer;
	Close bzip 2 block compressor;
	Handle available size;
	Check if bzip 2 block compressor is full;
	Check if bzip 2 block compressor is empty;
	Get crc

1.3. Add a class for bzip 2 encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate bzip 2 encoder;
	Encode ctx channel handler context;
	Close block;
	Check if bzip 2 encoder is closed;
	Close bzip 2 encoder;
	Run;
	Handle operation complete;
	Get ctx;
	Handle handler added

1.4. Add a class for bzip 2 encoder test. It allows to:

	Handle init channel;
	Get decompress

1.5. Add a class for bzip 2 huffman allocator. It allows to:

	First bzip 2 huffman allocator;
	Set extended parent pointers;
	Find nodes  to relocate;
	Allocate node lengths;
	Allocate node lengths  with relocation;
	Allocate huffman code lengths;
	Instantiate bzip 2 huffman allocator

1.6. Add a class for bzip 2 huffman stage encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate bzip 2 huffman stage encoder  with bzip 2 bit writer;
	Handle select table count;
	Generate huffman code lengths;
	Generate huffman optimisation seeds;
	Optimise selectors and huffman tables;
	Assign huffman code symbols;
	Write selectors and huffman tables;
	Write block data;
	Encode out byte buf

1.7. Add a class for bzip 2 integration test. It allows to:

	Create encoder;
	Create decoder;
	Handle test 3 tables;
	Test 4 tables;
	Handle test 5 tables

1.8. Add a class for bzip 2 MTF and RLE 2 stage encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate bzip 2 MTF and RLE 2 stage encoder;
	Encode bzip 2 MTF and RLE 2 stage encoder;
	Handle mtf block;
	Handle mtf length;
	Handle mtf alphabet size;
	Handle mtf symbol frequencies

