BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.sql:  

1.1. Add a class for sql feature set usage. It allows to:

	Instantiate sql feature set usage  with stream input;
	Instantiate sql feature set usage  with stats map;
	Get stats;
	Handle inner X content;
	Write  to stream output

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql:  

2.1. Add a class for sql feature set. It allows to:

	Instantiate sql feature set  with settings, X pack license state, client and client;
	Name sql feature set;
	Get description;
	Handle available;
	Get enabled;
	Handle native code info;
	Handle usage

2.2. Add a class for sql feature set tests. It allows to:

	Handle init;
	Handle test available;
	Handle test enabled;
	Handle test usage stats

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.cli.command:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.client:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.optimizer:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command.sys:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plugin:  

3.1. Add a class for rest sql stats action. It allows to:

	Instantiate rest sql stats action  with settings, rest controller and rest controller;
	Get name;
	Prepare request

3.2. Add an object creator class for sql stats action. It allows to:

	Instantiate sql stats action;
	Handle new response

3.3. Add an object creator class for transport sql stats action. It allows to:

	Instantiate transport sql stats action  with transport service, cluster service, thread pool, action filters, plan executor and plan executor;
	Handle new response;
	Handle new node request;
	Handle new node response;
	Handle node operation

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.proto:  

4.1. Add a class for request info. It allows to:

	Instantiate request info  with mode;
	Get mode;
	Handle mode;
	Get client id;
	Handle client id;
	Hash code;
	Check if request info equals

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.single_node:  

5.1. Add a class for rest sql usage IT

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.session:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.stats:  

6.1. Add a class for metrics. It allows to:

	Convert metrics to string;
	Instantiate metrics;
	Handle total;
	Get failed;
	Handle paging;
	Translate metrics;
	Handle inc;
	Get stats

6.2. Add a class for verifier metrics tests. It allows to:

	Handle test where query;
	Handle test limit query;
	Handle test group by query;
	Handle test having query;
	Handle test order by query;
	Handle test command;
	Handle test local query;
	Handle test where and limit query;
	Handle test where limit group by query;
	Handle test where limit group by having query;
	Handle test where limit group by having order by query;
	Test two queries executed;
	Test two commands executed;
	Where counters;
	Groupby counters;
	Get limit;
	Handle local;
	Having counters;
	Orderby counters;
	Get command;
	Get sql;
	Handle sql with verifier;

