BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties, processors_whitelist.txt, org.elasticsearch.txt, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search.nested:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.breaker:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

1.1. Add a class for processors. It allows to:

	Get bytes;
	Handle lowercase;
	Handle uppercase;
	Get json;
	Handle json;
	Get url decode

1.2. Add a class for processors whitelist extension. It allows to:

	Get context whitelists

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.packaging.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.nested:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ssl:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.cli:  

2.1. Rename type CertGenUtils with CertGenUtils

2.2. Rename type CertGenUtilsTests with CertGenUtilsTests

2.3. Rename type CertificateGenerateToolTests with CertificateGenerateToolTests

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.saml:  

