BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (sql_whitelist.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search.extractor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

1.1. Add a class for time function. It allows to:

	Instantiate time function  with source, field expression, zone id, date time extractor and date time extractor;
	Get date time chrono;
	Resolve type;
	Make processor

1.2. Add a class for time processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate time processor  with date time extractor, zone id and zone id;
	Instantiate time processor  with stream input;
	Get writeable name;
	Get process;
	Do process;
	Hash code;
	Check if time processor equals

1.3. Add a class for time processor tests. It allows to:

	Handle random time processor;
	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Mutate instance;
	Handle test apply with time zone UTC;
	Handle test apply with time zone other than UTC

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.script:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command.sys:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.proto:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

