BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1.1. Rename type GenericActionTests with ActionTests

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.allocation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.health:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.hotthreads:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.info:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.reload:  

2.1. Add an object creator class for nodes reload secure settings action. It allows to:

	Instantiate nodes reload secure settings action;
	Handle new response

2.2. Add a class for nodes reload secure settings request. It allows to:

	Instantiate nodes reload secure settings request;

2.3. Add a class for nodes reload secure settings request builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate nodes reload secure settings request builder  with elasticsearch client, nodes reload secure settings action and nodes reload secure settings action

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.stats:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks.cancel:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks.get:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks.list:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.usage:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.remote:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.delete:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.get:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.put:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.verify:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.settings:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.shards:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.create:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.delete:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.get:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.restore:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.status:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.stats:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.storedscripts:  

3.1. Add a class for get stored script response tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Create blank instance;
	Create test instance;
	Get random fields exclude filter;
	Handle random script source

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.tasks:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias.exists:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias.get:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.analyze:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.cache.clear:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.close:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.delete:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.exists.indices:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.exists.types:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.flush:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.forcemerge:  

4.1. Add a class for rest force merge action tests. It allows to:

	Handle test body rejection

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.get:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.get:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.open:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.recovery:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.refresh:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

5.1. Add a class for rollover info. It allows to:

	Instantiate rollover info  with met conditions list;
	Instantiate rollover info  with stream input;
	Parse X content parser;
	Get rollover info alias;
	Get met conditions;
	Get time;
	Read diff  from stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Convert rollover info to X content;
	Hash code;
	Check if rollover info equals;
	Convert rollover info to string

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.segments:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.get:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shards:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.delete:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.get:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.upgrade.get:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.upgrade.post:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.validate.query:  

6.1. Add a class for query explanation tests. It allows to:

	Create random query explanation;
	Do parse instance;
	Create blank instance;
	Create test instance

6.2. Add a class for validate query response tests. It allows to:

	Create random validate query response;
	Do parse instance;
	Create test instance;
	Assert equal instances;
	Convert test

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.delete:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.explain:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.fieldcaps:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.main:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.broadcast:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.master:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.master.info:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.nodes:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.replication:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.single.instance:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.single.shard:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.tasks:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.termvectors:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

7.1. Add a class for greek analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate greek analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get greek analyzer provider

7.2. Add a class for hindi analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate hindi analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get hindi analyzer provider

7.3. Add a class for hungarian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate hungarian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get hungarian analyzer provider

7.4. Add a class for indonesian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate indonesian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get indonesian analyzer provider

7.5. Add a class for irish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate irish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get irish analyzer provider

7.6. Add a class for italian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate italian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get italian analyzer provider

7.7. Add a class for latvian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate latvian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get latvian analyzer provider

7.8. Add a class for lithuanian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate lithuanian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get lithuanian analyzer provider

7.9. Add a class for norwegian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate norwegian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get norwegian analyzer provider

7.10. Add a class for persian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate persian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get persian analyzer provider

7.11. Add a class for portuguese analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate portuguese analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get portuguese analyzer provider

7.12. Add a class for remove duplicates filter factory tests. It allows to:

	Handle test remove duplicates filter

7.13. Add an object creator class for remove duplicates token filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate remove duplicates token filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

7.14. Add a class for romanian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate romanian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get romanian analyzer provider

7.15. Add a class for russian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate russian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get russian analyzer provider

7.16. Add a class for sorani analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate sorani analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get sorani analyzer provider

7.17. Add a class for spanish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate spanish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get spanish analyzer provider

7.18. Add a class for swedish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate swedish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get swedish analyzer provider

7.19. Add a class for thai analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate thai analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get thai analyzer provider

7.20. Add a class for turkish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate turkish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get turkish analyzer provider

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

8.1. Add a class for stored scripts IT. It allows to:

	Handle test get stored script;
	Handle test delete stored script;
	Handle test put script

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

9.1. Add a class for stored scripts documentation IT. It allows to:

	Handle test get stored script;
	Process  on response;
	Process  on failure;
	Handle test delete stored script;
	Handle test put script;
	Put stored script

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.node:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.transport:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.action.shard:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util:  

10.1. Add a class for lazy initializable. It allows to:

	Instantiate lazy initializable  with checked supplier;
	Instantiate lazy initializable  with checked supplier, on get consumer, on reset consumer and on reset consumer;
	Get lazy initializable;
	Reset lazy initializable;
	Compute compute

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

11.1. Rename type AbstractRefCounted with AbstractRefCounted

11.2. Rename type RefCounted with RefCounted

12. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.ec2:  

12.1. Add a class for amazon ec 2 reference. It allows to:

	Instantiate amazon ec 2 reference  with client amazon EC;
	Close amazon ec 2 reference;
	Get client;
	Close internal

12.2. Add a class for ec 2 client settings. It allows to:

	Instantiate ec 2 client settings  with AWS credentials, protocol and protocol;
	Load credentials;
	Get client settings

12.3. Add a class for ec 2 discovery plugin mock. It allows to:

	Instantiate ec 2 discovery plugin mock  with settings;
	Instantiate ec 2 discovery plugin mock  with settings, tags list and tags list

13. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

13.1. Add a class for paged byte buf. It allows to:

	Instantiate paged byte buf  with releasable runnable;
	Byte buf  from pages;
	Byte buf  from page;
	Handle deallocate

13.2. Add a class for paged byte buf tests. It allows to:

	Handle test releasing page;
	Handle test bytes are used

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex.remote:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.nio:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugin.noop.action.bulk:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugin.noop.action.search:  

14. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

14.1. Add an interface declaration  for reloadable plugin. It allows to:

	Reload settings

15. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.azure:  

15. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.gcs:  

15. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

15.1. Add a class for amazon S 3 reference. It allows to:

	Instantiate amazon S 3 reference  with client amazon;
	Close amazon S 3 reference;
	Get client;
	Close internal

16. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.cluster:  

16.1. Add a class for rest reload secure settings action. It allows to:

	Instantiate rest reload secure settings action  with settings, rest controller and rest controller;
	Get name;
	Prepare request;
	Can trip circuit breaker

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.mustache:  

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.client:  

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.nio:  

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.action:  

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.graph.action:  

17. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

17.1. Add an object creator class for put filter action response tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Create blank instance;
	Do parse instance

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.datafeed:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.monitoring.action:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.realm:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.role:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.rolemapping:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.saml:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.token:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.user:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.ack:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.activate:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.delete:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.execute:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.get:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.put:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.service:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.stats:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.support:  

18. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plugin:  

