BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cli:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.watcher:  

1.1. Add a class for watch status date parser. It allows to:

	Instantiate watch status date parser;
	Parse date;

1.2. Add a class for watch status tests. It allows to:

	Handle test basic parsing;
	Handle test parsing with unknown keys;
	Handle test optional fields parsing;
	Create test X content;
	Parse X content type

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.env:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.node:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.lookup:  

2.1. Add a class for painless class binding. It allows to:

	Instantiate painless class binding  with java constructor, java method, return type class, type parameters list and type parameters list;
	Check if painless class binding equals;
	Hash code

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.spi:  

3.1. Add a class for whitelist class binding. It allows to:

	Instantiate whitelist class binding  with canonical type name parameters list

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.cat:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.hamcrest:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

