BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1.1. Add a class for arabic analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate arabic analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get arabic analyzer provider

1.2. Add a class for armenian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate armenian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get armenian analyzer provider

1.3. Add a class for basque analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate basque analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get basque analyzer provider

1.4. Add a class for bengali analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate bengali analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get bengali analyzer provider

1.5. Add a class for brazilian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate brazilian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get brazilian analyzer provider

1.6. Add a class for bulgarian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate bulgarian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get bulgarian analyzer provider

1.7. Add a class for catalan analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate catalan analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get catalan analyzer provider

1.8. Add a class for chinese analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate chinese analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get chinese analyzer provider

1.9. Add a class for cjk analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate cjk analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get cjk analyzer provider

1.10. Add a class for czech analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate czech analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get czech analyzer provider

1.11. Add a class for danish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate danish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get danish analyzer provider

1.12. Add a class for dutch analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate dutch analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get dutch analyzer provider

1.13. Add a class for english analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate english analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get english analyzer provider

1.14. Add a class for finnish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate finnish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get finnish analyzer provider

1.15. Add a class for french analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate french analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get french analyzer provider

1.16. Add a class for galician analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate galician analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get galician analyzer provider

1.17. Add a class for german analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate german analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get german analyzer provider

1.18. Rename type SnowballAnalyzer with SnowballAnalyzer

1.19. Rename type SnowballAnalyzerProvider with SnowballAnalyzerProvider

1.20. Rename type SnowballAnalyzerTests with SnowballAnalyzerTests

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.validate:  

