BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.service:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.node:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.messages:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

1.1. Add a class for histogram group config. It allows to:

	Instantiate histogram group config;
	Instantiate histogram group config  with stream input;
	Get interval;
	Get fields;
	Validate mappings;
	Convert histogram group config to X content;
	Write  to stream output;
	Check if histogram group config equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert histogram group config to string;
	Process histogram group config histogram group config from X content

1.2. Add a class for histogram group config serializing tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Create test instance;
	Handle test validate no mapping;
	Handle test validate nomatching field;
	Handle test validate field wrong type;
	Handle test validate field matching not aggregatable;
	Handle test validate matching field

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

2.1. Rename type JobProviderIT with JobResultsProviderIT

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.persistence:  

3.1. Rename type JobProvider with JobResultsProvider

3.2. Rename type JobProviderTests with JobResultsProviderTests

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect.output:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.normalizer:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.config:  

