BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, sql_whitelist.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.explain:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ccr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.env:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1.1. Add a class for boxed cast tests. It allows to:

	Convert test method call byte;
	Convert test method call short;
	Convert test method call character;
	Convert test method call integer;
	Convert test method call long;
	Convert test method call float;
	Convert test method call double;
	Convert test return;

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.lookup:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.document:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.token:  

2.1. Add a class for invalidate token request tests. It allows to:

	Handle test validation

2.2. Add a class for invalidate token response tests. It allows to:

	Handle test serialization;
	Convert test

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.support:  

3.1. Add a class for tokens invalidation result. It allows to:

	Instantiate tokens invalidation result  with invalidated tokens list, previously invalidated tokens list, errors list and errors list;
	Instantiate tokens invalidation result  with stream input;
	Handle empty result;
	Get invalidated tokens;
	Get tokens invalidation result previously invalidated tokens;
	Get errors;
	Convert tokens invalidation result to X content;
	Write  to stream output

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.client:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.ccr:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.token:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support:  

4.1. Add a class for tokens invalidation result tests. It allows to:

	Convert test;

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.store:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.oauth2:  

5.1. Add a class for rest invalidate token action tests. It allows to:

	Handle test parser for user and realm;
	Handle test parser for token;
	Handle test parser for incorrect input

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.action:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.client:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search.extractor:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.grouping:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.regex:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.jdbc:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plugin:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.proto:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.session:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.tree:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.execution:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.actions.ack:  

