BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.cat:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

1.1. Add a class for rollup ID upgrade IT

1.2. Add a class for watcher restart IT. It allows to:

	Handle test watcher restart;
	Ensure watcher stopped;
	Ensure watcher started

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

2.1. Add a class for date histogram group config. It allows to:

	Instantiate date histogram group config  with date histogram interval;
	Instantiate date histogram group config  with date histogram interval, delay date histogram interval and delay date histogram interval;
	Instantiate date histogram group config  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Convert date histogram group config to X content;
	Get field;
	Get interval;
	Get delay;
	Get time zone;
	Rounding date histogram group config;
	Validate mappings;
	Check if date histogram group config equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert date histogram group config to string;
	Process date histogram group config date histogram group config from X content;

2.2. Add a class for date histogram group config serializing tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Create test instance;
	Handle test validate no mapping;
	Handle test validate nomatching field;
	Handle test validate field wrong type;
	Handle test validate field mixture types;
	Handle test validate field matching not aggregatable;
	Handle test validate matching field;
	Handle test validate week;
	Handle test bwc serialization

2.3. Add a class for metric config serializing tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Create test instance;
	Handle test validate no mapping;
	Handle test validate nomatching field;
	Handle test validate field wrong type;
	Handle test validate field matching not aggregatable;
	Handle test validate date field unsupported metric;
	Handle test validate matching field

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.config:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.job:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap.support:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.nio:  

