BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for apostrophe filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate apostrophe filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.2. Add an object creator class for classic filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate classic filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.3. Add an object creator class for decimal digit filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate decimal digit filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.4. Add a class for delimited payload token filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate delimited payload token filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.5. Add a class for fingerprint token filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate fingerprint token filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream;
	Get synonym filter

1.6. Add a class for keep filter factory tests. It allows to:

	Handle test load without settings;
	Handle test load over configured settings;
	Handle test keep words path settings;
	Handle test case insensitive mapping;
	Handle test case sensitive mapping

1.7. Add a class for keep types filter factory. It allows to:

	Convert keep types filter factory to string;
	Process keep types filter factory keep types filter factory from string;
	Instantiate keep types filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.8. Add a class for keep types filter factory tests. It allows to:

	Handle test keep types include;
	Handle test keep types exclude;
	Handle test keep types exception

1.9. Add a class for keep word filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate keep word filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.10. Rename type MinHashFilterFactoryTests with MinHashFilterFactoryTests

1.11. Add a class for min hash token filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate min hash token filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream;
	Convert settings

1.12. Add an object creator class for scandinavian folding filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate scandinavian folding filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

