BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

1.1. Add a class for type resolutions. It allows to:

	Instantiate type resolutions;
	Check if type resolutions is boolean;
	Check if type resolutions is integer;
	Check if type resolutions is numeric;
	Check if type resolutions is string;
	Check if type resolutions is date;
	Check if type resolutions is date or time;
	Check if type resolutions is numeric or date;
	Check if type resolutions is numeric or date or time;
	Check if type resolutions is exact;
	Check if type resolutions is string and exact;
	Check if type resolutions is foldable;
	Check if type resolutions is not foldable;
	Check if type resolutions is type;
	Get accepted types for error msg

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.grouping:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.math:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.logical:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.regex:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

