BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (java-versions.properties, checkstyle_suppressions.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1.1. Add a class for rollup request converters tests. It allows to:

	Handle test put job;
	Handle test start job;
	Handle test stop job;
	Handle test get job

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.rollup:  

2.1. Add a class for get rollup job request. It allows to:

	Instantiate get rollup job request;
	Get job id;
	Validate get rollup job request;
	Check if get rollup job request equals;
	Hash code

2.2. Add a class for get rollup job request tests. It allows to:

	Handle test requires job;
	Handle test do not use all

2.3. Add a class for get rollup job response tests. It allows to:

	Handle test from X content;
	Create test instance;
	Handle random stats;
	Handle random status;
	Convert get rollup job response tests to X content;

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.security:  

3.1. Add a class for change password request. It allows to:

	Instantiate change password request  with refresh policy;
	Get username;
	Get password;
	Get refresh policy;
	Convert change password request to X content

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.time:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.rest:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.tree:  

