BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (log4j2.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.joda:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.time:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for date formatter. It allows to:

	Parse date formatter;
	Parse millis;
	Parse joda;
	Process date formatter date formatter with zone;
	Process date formatter date formatter with locale;
	Get format;
	Get format millis;
	Get format joda;
	Get pattern;
	Get locale;
	Get zone;
	Convert date formatter to date math parser;
	Process date formatter date formatter for pattern

1.2. Add a class for java date formatter. It allows to:

	Instantiate java date formatter  with printer date time formatter, parsers date time formatter and parsers date time formatter;
	Instantiate java date formatter  with printer date time formatter, roundup parser consumer, parsers date time formatter and parsers date time formatter;
	Get roundup parser;
	Get printer;
	Parse java date formatter;
	Succeeded parse position;
	Process java date formatter java date formatter with zone;
	Process java date formatter java date formatter with locale;
	Get format;
	Get pattern;
	Get locale;
	Get zone;
	Convert java date formatter to date math parser;
	Hash code;
	Check if java date formatter equals;
	Convert java date formatter to string;
	Get parsers

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.cat:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.audit.logfile:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.file:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.store:  

