BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.fieldcaps:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1.1. Add a class for field alias mapper tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle test parsing;
	Handle test parsing with missing path;
	Handle test parsing with extra argument;
	Handle test merge;
	Handle test merge failure

1.2. Add a class for mapper merge validator. It allows to:

	Validate new mappers;
	Validate field mapper;
	Validate field  alias mapper;
	Validate field references;
	Validate copy  to field mappers list;
	Validate field  alias targets;
	Get nested scope;
	Check nested scope compatibility;
	Handle parent object

1.3. Add a class for mapper merge validator tests. It allows to:

	Handle test mismatched field types;
	Handle test conflicting field types;
	Handle test duplicate field alias and object;
	Handle test duplicate field alias and concrete field;
	Convert test alias that refers;
	Handle test alias with non existent path;
	Handle test field alias with nested scope;
	Handle test field alias with different object scopes;
	Handle test field alias with nested target;
	Handle test field alias with different nested scopes;
	Create object mapper;
	Create nested object mapper

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.similarity:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.nested:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.lookup:  

2.1. Add a class for leaf doc lookup tests. It allows to:

	Set leaf doc lookup tests;
	Handle test basic lookup;
	Handle test lookup with field alias;
	Handle test types deprecation

2.2. Add a class for leaf fields lookup tests. It allows to:

	Set leaf fields lookup tests;
	Handle test basic lookup;
	Handle test lookup with field alias

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

