BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, es-server-signatures.txt, version.properties, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.queries:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.close:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ccr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.indexlifecycle:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml.datafeed:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.security:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.coordination:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1.1. Add a class for meta data index state service utils. It allows to:

	Instantiate meta data index state service utils;
	Add index closed blocks;
	Close routing table

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.service:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.env:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.get:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper.annotatedtext:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper.murmur3:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper.size:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.state:  

2.1. Add a class for close index IT. It allows to:

	Get index settings;
	Handle test close missing index;
	Handle test close one missing index;
	Handle test close one missing index ignore missing;
	Handle test close no index;
	Handle test close null index;
	Handle test close index;
	Handle test close already closed index;
	Handle test close unassigned index;
	Handle test concurrent close;
	Handle test close while indexing documents;
	Handle test close while deleting indices;
	Handle test concurrent closes and opens;
	Handle test close index wait for active shards;
	Assert index is closed;
	Assert index is opened;
	Assert exception

2.2. Add a class for close while relocating shards IT. It allows to:

	Handle node plugins;
	Handle node settings;
	Handle maximum number of shards;
	Handle test close while relocating shards

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.mapper:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.cat:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.search:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.mustache:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.index.engine:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.datafeed:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.persistence:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.results:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.token:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.support:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.indexlifecycle:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.client:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.delayeddatacheck:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.aggregation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.chunked:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.fields:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.scroll:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.support:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.ccr:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.config:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.rest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap.support:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.index:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.client:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.grouping:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.math:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.pipeline:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.literal:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.conditional:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.fulltext:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.logical:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.nulls:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.regex:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command.sys:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.physical:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.jdbc:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.rest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.single_node:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.tree:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

