BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.reload:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common:  

1.1. Add a class for char arrays. It allows to:

	Instantiate char arrays;
	Convert utf 8 bytes;
	Convert char arrays to utf 8 bytes;
	Handle chars begins with;
	Handle constant time equals;

1.2. Add a class for char arrays tests. It allows to:

	Convert test chars;
	Convert test bytes;
	Handle test chars begins with;
	Handle test constant time equals;
	Handle random alpha of length not beginning with

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.realm:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.token:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.user:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ssl:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.crypto:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

