BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (java-versions.properties, checkstyle_suppressions.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.health:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.hotthreads:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.delete:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.verify:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.shards:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.delete:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.restore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.status:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.tasks:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.delete:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.explain:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml:  

1.1. Add a class for update datafeed request. It allows to:

	Instantiate update datafeed request  with datafeed update;
	Get update datafeed request;
	Convert update datafeed request to X content;
	Check if update datafeed request equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert update datafeed request to string;
	Validate update datafeed request

1.2. Add an object creator class for update datafeed request tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml.datafeed:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.security:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.action.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.allocation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.block:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation.command:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation.decider:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.service:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.graph.rest.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

