BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.geogrid:  

1.1. Add a class for bucket priority queue. It allows to:

	Instantiate bucket priority queue;
	Handle less than

1.2. Add a class for geo hash grid aggregation builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate geo hash grid aggregation builder;
	Instantiate geo hash grid aggregation builder  with stream input;
	Get precision;
	Create factory;
	Instantiate geo hash grid aggregation builder  with clone geo hash grid aggregation builder, aggregator factories builder, meta data map and meta data map;
	Handle shallow copy;
	Parse X content parser;
	Get type

1.3. Add a class for geo hash grid tests. It allows to:

	Create internal geo grid;
	Get instance reader;
	Create internal geo grid bucket;
	Encode encode;
	Handle random precision

1.4. Add a class for internal geo grid. It allows to:

	Instantiate internal geo grid  with buckets list, pipeline aggregators list, meta data map and meta data map;
	Get bucket reader;
	Instantiate internal geo grid  with stream input;
	Do write  to stream output;
	Create buckets list;
	Get buckets;
	Reduce aggregations list;
	Do X content body;
	Get required size;
	Do hash code;
	Equals internal geo grid

1.5. Add a class for internal geo grid bucket. It allows to:

	Instantiate internal geo grid bucket  with internal aggregations;
	Instantiate internal geo grid bucket  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Build bucket;
	Hash internal geo grid bucket as long;
	Get doc count;
	Get aggregations;
	Compare  to other internal geo grid bucket;
	Reduce buckets list;
	Convert internal geo grid bucket to X content;
	Check if internal geo grid bucket equals;
	Hash code

1.6. Add a class for internal geo hash grid bucket. It allows to:

	Instantiate internal geo hash grid bucket  with internal aggregations;
	Instantiate internal geo hash grid bucket  with stream input;
	Build bucket;
	Get key  as string;
	Get key

1.7. Add a class for parsed geo grid. It allows to:

	Get buckets;
	Create parser;
	Set name

1.8. Add a class for parsed geo grid bucket. It allows to:

	Handle key to X content

1.9. Add a class for parsed geo hash grid bucket. It allows to:

	Get key;
	Get key  as string;
	Process parsed geo hash grid bucket parsed geo hash grid bucket from X content

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

