BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.single:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.pipeline:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1.1. Add a class for x pack plugin tests. It allows to:

	Handle test X pack installed attr clash;
	Handle test X pack installed attr exists;
	Handle test nodes not ready for X pack custom metadata;
	Create X pack plugin;
	Set ssl service;
	Set license state

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.persistence:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search.extractor:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.actions.service:  

