BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle.xml, checkstyle_suppressions.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.master:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.sniff.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.unit:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1.1. Rename type DocumentMapperMergeTests with DocumentMapperTests

1.2. Add a class for object mapper merge tests. It allows to:

	Handle cleanup references;
	Handle test merge;
	Handle test merge when disabling field;
	Handle test merge when enabling field;
	Create root object mapper;
	Create object mapper;
	Create text field mapper

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.packaging.util:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.expression:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

2.1. Add a class for transport unfollow action. It allows to:

	Instantiate transport unfollow action  with transport service, cluster service, thread pool, action filters, index name expression resolver, client and client;
	Get executor;
	Handle new response;
	Handle master operation;
	Check block;
	Get unfollow

2.2. Add a class for transport unfollow action tests. It allows to:

	Handle test unfollow;
	Handle test unfollow index open;
	Handle test unfollow running shard follow tasks;
	Handle test unfollow missing index;
	Handle test unfollow none follow index

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.index.engine:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.rest:  

3.1. Add a class for rest unfollow action. It allows to:

	Instantiate rest unfollow action  with settings, rest controller and rest controller;
	Get name;
	Prepare request

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ccr.client:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.indexlifecycle:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.filestructurefinder:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect:  

