BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, es-server-signatures.txt, version.properties, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.queries:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.close:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1.1. Add a class for search request tests. It allows to:

	Create search request;
	Handle test with local reduction;
	Handle test serialization;
	Handle test random version serialization;
	Handle test illegal arguments;
	Handle test validate;
	Handle test copy constructor;
	Handle test equals and hashcode;
	Mutate search request

1.2. Add a class for search shard iterator tests. It allows to:

	Handle test shard id;
	Handle test get original indices;
	Handle test get cluster alias;
	Test new search shard target;
	Handle test equals and hashcode;
	Convert test compare;
	Handle random search shard iterator

1.3. Add a class for transport search action single node tests. It allows to:

	Handle test local cluster alias;
	Handle test absolute start millis;
	Handle test final reduce

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ccr:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.indexlifecycle:  

2.1. Add a class for freeze action. It allows to:

	Parse X content parser;
	Instantiate freeze action;
	Convert freeze action to X content;
	Get name;
	Hash code;
	Check if freeze action equals;
	Convert freeze action to string

2.2. Add a class for freeze action tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml.datafeed:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.security:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.coordination:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.service:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.env:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.get:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper.annotatedtext:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper.murmur3:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper.size:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.state:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.geoip:  

3.1. Rename type DatabaseReaderLazyLoader with DatabaseReaderLazyLoader

3.2. Add a class for geo ip processor factory tests. It allows to:

	Load database readers;
	Close database readers;
	Handle test build defaults;
	Handle test set ignore missing;
	Handle test country build defaults;
	Handle test asn build defaults;
	Handle test build target field;
	Handle test build db file;
	Handle test build with country db and asn fields;
	Handle test build with asn db and city fields;
	Handle test build non existing db file;
	Handle test build fields;
	Handle test build illegal field option;
	Handle test lazy loading;
	Handle test loading custom database;
	Handle test database not exists in dir;
	Handle test database exists in config dir;
	Copy database file;
	Copy database files

3.3. Rename type GeoIpProcessorTests with GeoIpProcessorTests

3.4. Rename type IngestGeoIpClientYamlTestSuiteIT with IngestGeoIpClientYamlTestSuiteIT

3.5. Rename type IngestGeoIpPluginTests with IngestGeoIpPluginTests

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.useragent:  

4.1. Rename type IngestUserAgentClientYamlTestSuiteIT with IngestUserAgentClientYamlTestSuiteIT

4.2. Rename type IngestUserAgentPlugin with IngestUserAgentPlugin

4.3. Rename type UserAgentProcessorFactoryTests with UserAgentProcessorFactoryTests

4.4. Rename type UserAgentProcessorTests with UserAgentProcessorTests

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.mapper:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.cluster:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.cat:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.search:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.mustache:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

5.1. Add a class for internal weighted avg tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Reduced reduced internal weighted avg;
	Assert internal weighted avg from X content;
	Mutate instance

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

6.1. Add a class for remote cluster aware tests. It allows to:

	Handle test build remote index name

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.index.engine:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

7.1. Add a class for freeze action. It allows to:

	Parse X content parser;
	Instantiate freeze action;
	Instantiate freeze action  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get writeable name;
	Convert freeze action to X content;
	Check if freeze action is safe action;
	Convert freeze action to steps;
	Convert freeze action to step keys;
	Hash code;
	Check if freeze action equals;
	Convert freeze action to string

7.2. Add a class for freeze action tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Convert test

7.3. Add a class for freeze step. It allows to:

	Instantiate freeze step  with step key, next step key, client and client;
	Perform index meta data during no snapshot

7.4. Add a class for freeze step tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Create random instance;
	Mutate instance;
	Copy instance;
	Handle test index survives;
	Handle test freeze;
	Process  on response;
	Process  on failure;
	Handle test exception thrown;
	Answer invocation on mock;

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.datafeed:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.persistence:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.results:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.token:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.support:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.indexlifecycle:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.client:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.delayeddatacheck:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.aggregation:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.chunked:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.fields:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.scroll:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

8.1. Add a class for job manager holder. It allows to:

	Instantiate job manager holder;
	Instantiate job manager holder  with job manager;
	Check if job manager holder is empty;
	Get job manager

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.support:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.ccr:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.config:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.rest:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap.support:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.index:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.client:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

9.1. Add a class for nullability tests. It allows to:

	Handle test logical and of nullabilities

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.grouping:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.math:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.pipeline:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.literal:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.conditional:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.fulltext:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.logical:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.nulls:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.regex:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command.sys:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.physical:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.jdbc:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.rest:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.single_node:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.tree:  

10.1. Add a class for source. It allows to:

	Instantiate source;
	Instantiate source  with location;
	Get source;
	Get text;
	Hash code;
	Check if source equals;
	Convert source to string

10.2. Add a class for source tests. It allows to:

	Handle random source;
	Mutate source;
	Handle test equals and hash code

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

