BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (joda.time.txt, org.elasticsearch.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.io.stream:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata.plain:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.spi:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

1.1. Add a class for joda compatible zoned date time. It allows to:

	Deprecated joda compatible zoned date time;
	Log deprecated method;
	Instantiate joda compatible zoned date time  with instant, zone id and zone id;
	Get zoned date time;
	Check if joda compatible zoned date time equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert joda compatible zoned date time to string;
	Check if joda compatible zoned date time is after;
	Check if joda compatible zoned date time is before;
	Check if joda compatible zoned date time is equal;
	Get day  of month;
	Get day  of year;
	Get hour;
	Convert joda compatible zoned date time to local date;
	Convert joda compatible zoned date time to local date time;
	Get minute;
	Get month;
	Get month value;
	Get nano;
	Get second;
	Get year;
	Get zone;
	Minus delta temporal amount;
	Minus temporal unit;
	Minus years;
	Minus months;
	Minus weeks;
	Minus days;
	Minus hours;
	Minus minutes;
	Minus seconds;
	Minus nanos;
	Plus temporal amount;
	Plus temporal unit;
	Plus days;
	Plus hours;
	Plus minutes;
	Plus months;
	Plus nanos;
	Plus seconds;
	Plus weeks;
	Plus years;
	Convert joda compatible zoned date time to instant;
	Convert joda compatible zoned date time to offset date time;
	Get truncated to;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with day of month;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with day of year;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with earlier offset at overlap;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with fixed offset zone;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with hour;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with later offset at overlap;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with minute;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with month;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with nano;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with second;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with year;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with zone same local;
	Process joda compatible zoned date time joda compatible zoned date time with zone same instant;
	Get millis;
	Get century  of era;
	Get era;
	Get hour  of day;
	Get millis  of day;
	Get millis  of second;
	Get minute  of day;
	Get minute  of hour;
	Get month  of year;
	Get second  of day;
	Get second  of minute;
	Get week  of weekyear;
	Get weekyear;
	Get year  of century;
	Get year  of era;
	Get day  of week enum;
	Get day  of week

1.2. Add a class for joda compatible zoned date time tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup time;
	Assert deprecation;
	Append log event;
	Assert method deprecation;
	Handle test equals;
	Convert test;
	Handle test day of month;
	Handle test day of year;
	Handle test hour;
	Handle test local date;
	Handle test local date time;
	Handle test minute;
	Handle test month;
	Handle test month value;
	Handle test nano;
	Handle test second;
	Handle test year;
	Handle test zone;
	Handle test millis;
	Handle test century of era;
	Handle test era;
	Handle test hour of day;
	Handle test millis of day;
	Handle test millis of second;
	Handle test minute of day;
	Handle test minute of hour;
	Handle test month of year;
	Handle test second of day;
	Handle test second of minute;
	Handle test week of weekyear;
	Handle test weekyear;
	Handle test year of century;
	Handle test year of era;
	Handle test day of week;
	Handle test day of week enum;
	Handle test to string with locale and zero offset;
	Handle test to string and zero offset;
	Handle test is equal;
	Handle test is after;
	Handle test is before

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support.values:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase:  

