BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.netty4:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

1.1. Add a class for sSL engine utils. It allows to:

	Instantiate sSL engine utils;
	Extract client certificates;
	Get SSL engine;
	Extract logger

1.2. Add a class for security http exception handler. It allows to:

	Instantiate security http exception handler  with logger, lifecycle, fallback bi consumer and fallback bi consumer;
	Accept http channel

1.3. Add a class for security http settings. It allows to:

	Instantiate security http settings;
	Override settings

1.4. Add a class for security http settings tests. It allows to:

	Handle test disables compression by default for ssl;
	Handle test leaves compression on if not ssl;
	Handle test does not change explicitly set compression

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.netty4:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.nio:  

2.1. Add a class for nio IP filter. It allows to:

	Instantiate nio IP filter  with IP filter;
	Handle test

2.2. Add a class for nio IP filter tests. It allows to:

	Handle init;
	Handle test that filtering works by ip

2.3. Add a class for security nio http server transport tests. It allows to:

	Create SSL service;
	Handle test default client auth;
	Handle test optional client auth;
	Handle test required client auth;
	Handle test no client auth;
	Handle test custom SSL configuration;
	Handle test that exception is thrown when configured without ssl key;
	Handle test no exception when configured without ssl key SSL disabled

