BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.health:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.close:  

1.1. Add a class for close index request tests. It allows to:

	Handle test serialization;
	Handle test bwc serialization;
	Handle random request

1.2. Add a class for close index response. It allows to:

	Instantiate close index response;
	Read  from stream input;
	Write  to stream output

1.3. Add a class for close index response tests. It allows to:

	Handle test serialization;
	Handle test bwc serialization;
	Handle random response;
	Assert close index response

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.broadcast:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.allocation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2.1. Add a class for no op engine. It allows to:

	Instantiate no op engine  with engine config;
	Handle open;
	Do open  if changed;
	Get version;
	Check if  is current;
	Get index commit;
	Do  close;
	Get reader cache helper;
	Get segments stats

2.2. Add a class for no op engine recovery tests. It allows to:

	Handle test recover from no op

2.3. Add a class for no op engine tests. It allows to:

	Handle test noop engine;
	Test two noop engines;
	Handle test noop after regular engine;
	Handle test no op engine stats;
	Handle flush and trim translog

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

3.1. Add a class for replica to primary promotion IT. It allows to:

	Get number of replicas;
	Convert test promote replica

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.state:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.cluster:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.cat:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.scroll:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

