BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.reload:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for nodes reload secure settings action. It allows to:

	Instantiate nodes reload secure settings action;
	Handle new response

1.2. Add a class for nodes reload secure settings request. It allows to:

	Instantiate nodes reload secure settings request;

1.3. Add a class for nodes reload secure settings request builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate nodes reload secure settings request builder  with elasticsearch client, nodes reload secure settings action and nodes reload secure settings action

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util:  

2.1. Add a class for lazy initializable. It allows to:

	Instantiate lazy initializable  with checked supplier;
	Instantiate lazy initializable  with checked supplier, on get consumer, on reset consumer and on reset consumer;
	Get lazy initializable;
	Reset lazy initializable;
	Compute compute

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.ec2:  

3.1. Add a class for amazon ec 2 reference. It allows to:

	Instantiate amazon ec 2 reference  with client amazon EC;
	Close amazon ec 2 reference;
	Get client;
	Close internal

3.2. Add a class for ec 2 client settings. It allows to:

	Instantiate ec 2 client settings  with AWS credentials, protocol and protocol;
	Load credentials;
	Get client settings

3.3. Add a class for ec 2 discovery plugin mock. It allows to:

	Instantiate ec 2 discovery plugin mock  with settings;
	Instantiate ec 2 discovery plugin mock  with settings, tags list and tags list

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

4.1. Add an interface declaration  for reloadable plugin. It allows to:

	Reload settings

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.azure:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.gcs:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

5.1. Add a class for amazon S 3 reference. It allows to:

	Instantiate amazon S 3 reference  with client amazon;
	Close amazon S 3 reference;
	Get client;
	Close internal

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.cluster:  

6.1. Add a class for rest reload secure settings action. It allows to:

	Instantiate rest reload secure settings action  with settings, rest controller and rest controller;
	Get name;
	Prepare request;
	Can trip circuit breaker

