BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (sql_whitelist.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for negatable. It allows to:

	Negate negatable

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.conditional:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.logical:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.nulls:  

2.1. Add a class for check null processor. It allows to:

	Check null operation;
	Get symbol;
	Convert check null processor to string;
	Apply check null processor;
	Instantiate check null processor  with check null operation;
	Instantiate check null processor  with stream input;
	Get writeable name;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get process;
	Check if check null processor equals;
	Hash code

2.2. Add a class for check null processor tests. It allows to:

	Handle random processor;
	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Get named writeable registry;
	Handle test is null;
	Handle test is not null

2.3. Add a class for is null. It allows to:

	Instantiate is null  with source, field expression and field expression;
	Info is null;
	Replace child;
	Fold is null;
	Make processor;
	Get process script;
	Handle nullable;
	Get data type;
	Negate is null

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

