BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.node:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.scheduler:  

1.1. Add a class for evil scheduler engine tests. It allows to:

	Test evil scheduler engine tests out of memory error while triggered is rethrown and is uncaught

1.2. Add a class for scheduler engine tests. It allows to:

	Handle test listeners throwing exceptions do not cause other listeners to be skipped;
	Handle test listeners throwing exceptions do not cause next scheduled task to be skipped;
	Assert failed listener log message

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

