BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.common.notifications:  

1.1. Add a class for auditor. It allows to:

	Instantiate auditor  with client, message abstract builder and message abstract builder;
	Info auditor;
	Warning auditor;
	Handle error;
	Process auditor auditor on index response;
	Process auditor auditor on index failure;
	Handle index doc;
	Convert auditor to X content builder

1.2. Add a class for auditor tests. It allows to:

	Set up mocks;
	Handle test info;
	Handle test warning;
	Handle test error;
	Parse audit message

1.3. Add a class for level tests. It allows to:

	Handle test from string;
	Convert test;
	Handle test valid ordinals

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.dataframe:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.dataframe.notifications:  

2.1. Add an object creator class for data frame audit message. It allows to:

	Instantiate data frame audit message  with level;
	Instantiate data frame audit message  with level, timestamp date and timestamp date;
	Get resource field;
	Get builder;
	Handle new message

2.2. Add a class for data frame audit message tests. It allows to:

	Set start time;
	Test new info;
	Test new warning;
	Test new error;
	Assert date  between start and now timestamp date;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Create test instance

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.store:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.dataframe:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.dataframe.integration:  

3.1. Add a class for data frame auditor IT. It allows to:

	Preserve indices  upon completion;
	Create indexes;
	Handle test auditor writes audits

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.dataframe.persistence:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.dataframe.transforms:  

