BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, version.properties, log4j2.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.termvectors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.coordination:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.nio:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.document:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.geogrid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.missing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.nested:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant.heuristics:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.pipeline:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.basic:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.dfs:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.functionscore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.msearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.nested:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.preference:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.scroll:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.source:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.datafeed:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.utils:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.accesscontrol:  

