BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.flush:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent.decider:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

