BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (sql_whitelist.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.conditional:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for arbitrary conditional function. It allows to:

	Instantiate arbitrary conditional function  with source, fields list, conditional operation and conditional operation;
	Make pipe;
	Process arbitrary conditional function arbitrary conditional function as script

1.2. Add a class for conditional pipe. It allows to:

	Instantiate conditional pipe  with source, expression, children list, conditional operation and conditional operation;
	Info conditional pipe;
	Replace children;
	Process conditional pipe conditional pipe as processor;
	Hash code;
	Check if conditional pipe equals

1.3. Add a class for conditional processor. It allows to:

	Get script method name;
	Handle conditional operation;
	Apply objects collection;
	Apply processors list on input;
	Instantiate conditional processor  with processors list, conditional operation and conditional operation;
	Instantiate conditional processor  with stream input;
	Get writeable name;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get process;
	Check if conditional processor equals;
	Hash code

1.4. Add a class for conditionals. It allows to:

	Instantiate conditionals;
	Get coalesce;
	Coalesce input;
	Handle greatest;
	Handle greatest input;
	Handle least;
	Handle least input;
	Get extremum

1.5. Add a class for greatest. It allows to:

	Instantiate greatest  with source, fields list and fields list;
	Info greatest;
	Replace children;
	Fold greatest

1.6. Add a class for least. It allows to:

	Instantiate least  with source, fields list and fields list;
	Info least;
	Replace children;
	Fold least

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.cli:  

