BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.grouping:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.math:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.pipeline:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.literal:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.conditional:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.fulltext:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.logical:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.nulls:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.regex:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command.sys:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.physical:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.tree:  

1.1. Add a class for source. It allows to:

	Instantiate source;
	Instantiate source  with location;
	Get source;
	Get text;
	Hash code;
	Check if source equals;
	Convert source to string

1.2. Add a class for source tests. It allows to:

	Handle random source;
	Mutate source;
	Handle test equals and hash code

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

