BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, version.properties). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.core.tasks:  

1.1. Add a class for get task response tests. It allows to:

	Handle test from X content;
	Create test instance;
	Convert get task response tests to X content;
	Assert equal instances;
	Handle random task info;
	Handle random task id;
	Handle random raw task status

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.tasks:  

2.1. Add a class for get task request. It allows to:

	Instantiate get task request;
	Get node id;
	Get task id;
	Get wait  for completion;
	Set wait  for completion;
	Get timeout;
	Set timeout;
	Validate get task request;
	Hash code;
	Check if get task request equals

2.2. Add a class for get task response. It allows to:

	Instantiate get task response  with task info;
	Check if get task response is completed;
	Get task info;
	Process get task response get task response from X content

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.monitor.os:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.rest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

