BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties, gradle-wrapper.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks.cancel:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks.list:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.tasks:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ccr:  

1.1. Add a class for ccr stats request

1.2. Add a class for ccr stats response. It allows to:

	Process ccr stats response ccr stats response from X content;
	Instantiate ccr stats response  with auto follow stats, indices follow stats and indices follow stats;
	Get auto follow stats;
	Get indices follow stats

1.3. Add a class for ccr stats response tests. It allows to:

	Create server test instance;
	Handle random read exceptions;
	Handle random tracking clusters;
	Create stats response;
	Do parse  to client instance;
	Assert instances

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.common:  

2.1. Add a class for x content source. It allows to:

	Instantiate x content source  with X content parser;
	Check if x content source is map;
	Get x content source as map;
	Check if x content source is list;
	Get x content source as list;
	Get value

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.transport:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.watcher:  

3.1. Add a class for execute watch request. It allows to:

	Process execute watch request execute watch request by id;
	Get inline;
	Instantiate execute watch request;
	Get id;
	Set ignore condition;
	Ignore condition;
	Set record execution;
	Handle record execution;
	Set alternative input;
	Set trigger data;
	Set action mode;
	Get action modes;
	Set debug;
	Check if execute watch request is debug;
	Convert execute watch request to string;
	Convert execute watch request to X content

3.2. Add a class for execute watch response. It allows to:

	Instantiate execute watch response;
	Instantiate execute watch response  with content source bytes reference;
	Get record id;
	Get record;
	Get record  as map;
	Process execute watch response execute watch response from X content;
	Read bytes reference

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.settings:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.similarity:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.flush:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent.decider:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.protocol.xpack.watcher:  

4.1. Add a class for execute watch response tests. It allows to:

	Do hlrc parse instance;
	Convert hlrc  to internal;
	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.tasks:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.disruption:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.test:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.support.xcontent:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.execute:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

