BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1.1. Add a class for license IT. It allows to:

	Check license IT for snapshot;
	Convert rollback;
	Handle test start trial;
	Put trial license;
	Handle test start basic;
	Assert acknowledge messages map not empty acknowledge messages;
	Handle test get license;
	Handle test put license;
	Handle test delete license;
	Handle test get trial status;
	Handle test get basic status

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.license:  

2.1. Add a class for start trial request. It allows to:

	Instantiate start trial request;
	Check if start trial request is acknowledge;
	Get license type

2.2. Add a class for start trial response. It allows to:

	Process start trial response start trial response from X content;
	Instantiate start trial response  with acknowledge messages map;
	Check if start trial response is acknowledged;
	Check if start trial response is trial was started;
	Get license type;
	Get error message;
	Get acknowledge header;
	Get acknowledge messages

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support.mapper:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.store:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

