BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1.1. Add a class for greek analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate greek analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get greek analyzer provider

1.2. Add a class for hindi analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate hindi analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get hindi analyzer provider

1.3. Add a class for hungarian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate hungarian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get hungarian analyzer provider

1.4. Add a class for indonesian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate indonesian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get indonesian analyzer provider

1.5. Add a class for irish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate irish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get irish analyzer provider

1.6. Add a class for italian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate italian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get italian analyzer provider

1.7. Add a class for latvian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate latvian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get latvian analyzer provider

1.8. Add a class for lithuanian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate lithuanian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get lithuanian analyzer provider

1.9. Add a class for norwegian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate norwegian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get norwegian analyzer provider

1.10. Add a class for persian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate persian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get persian analyzer provider

1.11. Add a class for portuguese analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate portuguese analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get portuguese analyzer provider

1.12. Add a class for romanian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate romanian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get romanian analyzer provider

1.13. Add a class for russian analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate russian analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get russian analyzer provider

1.14. Add a class for sorani analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate sorani analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get sorani analyzer provider

1.15. Add a class for spanish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate spanish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get spanish analyzer provider

1.16. Add a class for swedish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate swedish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get swedish analyzer provider

1.17. Add a class for thai analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate thai analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get thai analyzer provider

1.18. Add a class for turkish analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate turkish analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get turkish analyzer provider

