BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search.extractor:  

1.1. Add a class for top hits agg extractor. It allows to:

	Instantiate top hits agg extractor  with field data type, zone id and zone id;
	Instantiate top hits agg extractor  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Name top hits agg extractor;
	Get field data type;
	Get zone id;
	Get writeable name;
	Extract bucket;
	Hash code;
	Check if top hits agg extractor equals;
	Convert top hits agg extractor to string

1.2. Add a class for top hits agg extractor tests. It allows to:

	Handle random top hits agg extractor;
	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Mutate instance;
	Handle test no aggs;
	Handle test zero null value;
	Handle test extract value;
	Handle test extract date value;
	Search hits  of

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

2.1. Add a class for first. It allows to:

	Instantiate first  with source, field expression, sort field expression and sort field expression;
	Info first;
	Replace children

2.2. Add a class for last. It allows to:

	Instantiate last  with source, field expression, sort field expression and sort field expression;
	Info last;
	Replace children

2.3. Add a class for top hits. It allows to:

	Instantiate top hits  with source, field expression, sort field expression and sort field expression;
	Get order field;
	Get data type;
	Resolve type

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.cli:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

3.1. Add a class for top hits agg. It allows to:

	Instantiate top hits agg  with field data type, sort field data type, sort order and sort order;
	Convert top hits agg to builder;
	Check if top hits agg equals;
	Hash code

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

4.1. Add a class for top hits agg ref. It allows to:

	Instantiate top hits agg ref  with field data type;
	Name top hits agg ref;
	Get field data type;
	Convert top hits agg ref to string

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

