BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.get:  

1.1. Add a class for legacy get action IT. It allows to:

	Handle forbid private index settings;
	Handle test get fields meta data with routing

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2.1. Add a class for legacy dynamic mapping tests. It allows to:

	Handle forbid private index settings;
	Handle test type not created on index failure

2.2. Add a class for legacy mapper service tests. It allows to:

	Handle forbid private index settings;
	Handle test index meta data update does not lose default mapper;
	Handle test default mapping is deprecated on 6

2.3. Add a class for legacy type field mapper tests. It allows to:

	Handle forbid private index settings;
	Handle test doc values multiple types

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.similarity:  

3.1. Add a class for legacy similarity tests. It allows to:

	Handle forbid private index settings;
	Handle test resolve default similarities on 6 x index;
	Handle test resolve similarities from mapping classic

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.analysis:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

4.1. Add a class for legacy update mapping integration IT. It allows to:

	Handle forbid private index settings;
	Handle test update default mapping settings

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.settings:  

5.1. Add a class for internal settings IT. It allows to:

	Handle node plugins;
	Transport client plugins;
	Handle test set internal index setting on create;
	Handle test update internal index setting via settings API;
	Handle test update internal index setting via dedicated API

5.2. Add a class for private settings IT. It allows to:

	Handle node plugins;
	Transport client plugins;
	Handle test set private index setting on create;
	Handle test update private index setting via settings API;
	Handle test update privatel index setting via dedicated API

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

6.1. Add a class for legacy index stats IT. It allows to:

	Handle forbid private index settings;
	Handle test field data fields param

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.query:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.node:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.functionscore:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.source:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.messages:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

7.1. Add a class for transport delete forecast action. It allows to:

	Instantiate transport delete forecast action  with transport service, action filters, client and client;
	Execute task;
	Delete forecasts;
	Get status and reason;
	Parse forecasts  from search;
	Build delete  by query

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.categorization:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.retention:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.rest.job:  

8.1. Add a class for rest delete forecast action. It allows to:

	Instantiate rest delete forecast action  with settings, rest controller and rest controller;
	Get name;
	Prepare request

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.rest.results:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.accesscontrol:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.index:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command.sys:  

