BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.delete:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.resync:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.termvectors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query.functionscore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.exists.types:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.template:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.mget:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.document:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.nested:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.slice:  

