BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, sql_whitelist.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.rollup.job.config:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation.decider:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.suggest.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search.extractor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.math:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.processor:  

1.1. Add a class for functional binary processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate functional binary processor  with left processor, right processor, function and function;
	Instantiate functional binary processor  with stream input, reader and reader;
	Get function;
	Write stream output;
	Do process;
	Hash code;
	Check if functional binary processor equals

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.script:  

2.1. Add a class for scripts. It allows to:

	Instantiate scripts;
	Get format template;
	Handle null safe filter;
	Handle null safe sort;
	And left script template;
	O left script template;
	Handle binary method

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate:  

3.1. Add an interface declaration  for predicate bi function. It allows to:

	Name predicate bi function;
	Get symbol;
	Apply T;
	Get script method name

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.logical:  

4.1. Add an object creator class for and. It allows to:

	Instantiate and  with source, left expression, right expression and right expression;
	Info and;
	Replace children;
	Swap left and right;
	Negate and

4.2. Add a class for binary logic. It allows to:

	Instantiate binary logic  with source, left expression, right expression, binary logic operation and binary logic operation;
	Get data type;
	Resolve input type;
	Make pipe;
	Handle nullable

4.3. Add a class for binary logic pipe. It allows to:

	Instantiate binary logic pipe  with source, expression, left pipe, right pipe, binary logic operation and binary logic operation;
	Info binary logic pipe;
	Replace children;
	Process binary logic pipe binary logic pipe as processor;
	Hash code;
	Check if binary logic pipe equals

4.4. Add a class for binary logic processor. It allows to:

	Handle binary logic operation;
	Get symbol;
	Apply left boolean;
	Convert binary logic processor to string;
	Instantiate binary logic processor  with left processor, right processor, binary logic operation and binary logic operation;
	Instantiate binary logic processor  with stream input;
	Get writeable name;
	Check parameter;
	Get process

4.5. Rename type Not with Not

4.6. Add an object creator class for o. It allows to:

	Instantiate o  with source, left expression, right expression and right expression;
	Info o;
	Replace children;
	Swap left and right;
	Negate o

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.regex:  

5.1. Add a class for regex match. It allows to:

	Instantiate regex match  with source, value expression, pattern and pattern;
	Get pattern;
	Get data type;
	Handle nullable;
	Resolve type;
	Handle foldable;
	Check if regex match equals;
	Hash code

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

