BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit:  

1.1. Add a class for third party audit task. It allows to:

	Get target compatibility;
	Set target compatibility;
	Get forbidden AP is configuration;
	Get signature file;
	Set signature file;
	Get java home;
	Set java home;
	Get jar expand dir;
	Ignore missing classes;
	Ignore violations;
	Ignore jar hell  with JDK;
	Get jdk jar hell excludes;
	Get missing class excludes;
	Get jars  to scan;
	Run third party audit;
	Log forbidden AP is output;
	Throw third party audit task not configured correctly exception;
	Extract jars;
	Assert no jar hell;
	Assert no pointless exclusions;
	Get format class list;
	Run forbidden AP is cli;
	Run jdk jar hell check;
	Get third party audit task runtime configuration

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.trigger.schedule:  

