BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1.1. Add a class for internal test engine. It allows to:

	Instantiate internal test engine  with engine config;
	Instantiate internal test engine  with engine config, local checkpoint tracker supplier bi function and local checkpoint tracker supplier bi function;
	Get index;
	Delete delete

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

2.1. Add a class for get auto follow pattern request tests. It allows to:

	Get instance reader;
	Create test instance

2.2. Add a class for get auto follow pattern response tests. It allows to:

	Get instance reader;
	Create test instance

2.3. Add a class for transport get auto follow pattern action. It allows to:

	Instantiate transport get auto follow pattern action  with transport service, cluster service, thread pool, action filters, index name expression resolver and index name expression resolver;
	Get executor;
	Handle new response;
	Read stream input;
	Handle master operation;
	Check block;
	Get auto follow pattern

2.4. Add a class for transport get auto follow pattern action tests. It allows to:

	Handle test get auto follow pattern;
	Handle test get auto follow pattern no auto follow patterns;
	Handle test get auto follow pattern no auto follow metadata

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.index.engine:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.rest:  

3.1. Add a class for rest get auto follow pattern action. It allows to:

	Instantiate rest get auto follow pattern action  with settings, rest controller and rest controller;
	Get name;
	Prepare request

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ccr.client:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

4.1. Add a class for datafeed params tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Create datafeed params;
	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Handle supports unknown fields

4.2. Add a class for job params tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Create job params;
	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Get random fields exclude filter

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.filestructurefinder:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.filestructurefinder:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.normalizer:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.ccr:  

5.1. Add a class for auto follow stats monitoring doc. It allows to:

	Get stats;
	Instantiate auto follow stats monitoring doc  with node, auto follow stats and auto follow stats;
	Handle inner to X content

5.2. Add a class for auto follow stats monitoring doc tests. It allows to:

	Handle instantiate auto follow stats;
	Create monitoring doc;
	Assert monitoring doc;
	Convert test;
	Handle test shard follow node task status fields mapped

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

