BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (es-all-signatures.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.blobstore.fs:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.io:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.ec2:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.single:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.env:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.cache.bitset:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata.plain:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.snapshots.blobstore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.node:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugin.discovery.gce:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.tasks:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

