BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, version.properties, log4j2.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.termvectors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.coordination:  

1.1. Rename type InMemoryPersistedState with InMemoryPersistedState

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

2.1. Add a class for write state exception tests. It allows to:

	Handle test dirty flag;
	Handle test non dirty rethrow;
	Handle test dirty rethrow

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

3.1. Add an interface declaration  for license state listener. It allows to:

	License state changed

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.nio:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.document:  

4.1. Add a class for rest multi term vectors action tests. It allows to:

	Set up action;
	Handle test type in path;
	Handle test type parameter;
	Handle test type in body

4.2. Add a class for rest term vectors action tests. It allows to:

	Set up action;
	Handle test type in path;
	Handle test type in body

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.geogrid:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.missing:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.nested:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant.heuristics:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.pipeline:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.basic:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.dfs:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.functionscore:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.lookup:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.msearch:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.nested:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.preference:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.query:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.scroll:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.simple:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.source:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.datafeed:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.utils:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter.local:  

5.1. Add a class for local exporter tests. It allows to:

	Handle test local exporter removes listeners on close

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.accesscontrol:  

