BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, whitelist.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.queries:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.search.vectorhighlight:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1.1. Add a class for license IT. It allows to:

	Check license IT for snapshot;
	Convert rollback;
	Handle test start trial;
	Put trial license;
	Handle test start basic;
	Assert acknowledge messages map not empty acknowledge messages;
	Handle test get license;
	Handle test put license;
	Handle test delete license;
	Handle test get trial status;
	Handle test get basic status

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.license:  

2.1. Add a class for start trial request. It allows to:

	Instantiate start trial request;
	Check if start trial request is acknowledge;
	Get license type

2.2. Add a class for start trial response. It allows to:

	Process start trial response start trial response from X content;
	Instantiate start trial response  with acknowledge messages map;
	Check if start trial response is acknowledged;
	Check if start trial response is trial was started;
	Get license type;
	Get error message;
	Get acknowledge header;
	Get acknowledge messages

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

3.1. Add a class for upgrade index settings IT. It allows to:

	Handle forbid private index settings;
	Handle test settings version

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.index:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.store:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.ec2:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.expression:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.rest:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ccr:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.role:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.user:  

4.1. Add an object creator class for get user privileges action. It allows to:

	Instantiate get user privileges action;
	Handle new response

4.2. Add a class for get user privileges request. It allows to:

	Instantiate get user privileges request;
	Instantiate get user privileges request  with stream input;
	Validate get user privileges request;
	Username get user privileges request;
	Get usernames;
	Read  from stream input;
	Write  to stream output

4.3. Add a class for get user privileges request builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate get user privileges request builder  with elasticsearch client;
	Username get user privileges request builder

4.4. Add a class for get user privileges request tests. It allows to:

	Handle test serialization

4.5. Add a class for get user privileges response tests. It allows to:

	Handle test serialization;
	Handle test equals and hash code;
	Handle random response;
	Get sorted;
	Compare collection;
	Handle random string set

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.permission:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.client:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

5.1. Add a class for machine learning painless extension. It allows to:

	Get context whitelists

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.scroll:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.utils:  

6.1. Add a class for domain split function tests. It allows to:

	Handle test domain split;
	Assert domain split

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.ccr:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.user:  

7.1. Add a class for transport get user privileges action. It allows to:

	Instantiate transport get user privileges action  with thread pool, transport service, action filters, authorization service and authorization service;
	Execute task

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support.mapper:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.accesscontrol:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.store:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.user:  

8.1. Add a class for rest get user privileges action tests. It allows to:

	Handle test basic license;
	Handle test build response

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.pipeline:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.email:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.common.text:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.email:  

