BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

1.1. Add a class for bulk by scroll response builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate bulk by scroll response builder;
	Took bulk by scroll response builder;
	Took took time value;
	Set status;
	Set failures;
	Set bulk by scroll response builder;
	Build response

1.2. Add a class for bulk by scroll task status or exception tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Create test instance  without exceptions;
	Create test instance  with exceptions;
	Do parse instance;
	Assert equal status or exception;
	Assert equal instances;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Handle test from X content with failures

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.mustache:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter.http:  

