BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1.1. Add a class for recovery source prune merge policy tests. It allows to:

	Handle test prune all;
	Handle num deletes to merge;
	Get num deleted docs;
	Get info stream;
	Get merging segments;
	Handle test prune some;
	Handle test prune none

1.2. Add a class for soft deletes policy. It allows to:

	Instantiate soft deletes policy  with global checkpoint supplier, retention leases supplier and retention leases supplier;
	Set retention operations;
	Set local checkpoint  of safe commit;
	Acquire retention lock;
	Release retention lock;
	Get min retained seq no;
	Get retention query

1.3. Add a class for soft deletes policy tests. It allows to:

	Handle test soft deletes retention lock;
	Handle test when global checkpoint dictates the policy;
	Handle test when local checkpoint of safe commit dictates the policy;
	Handle test when retention leases dictate the policy

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

