BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

1.1. Add a class for typer resolution tests. It allows to:

	Handle test mul numeric;
	Handle test mul interval and number;
	Handle test mul number and interval;
	Handle test mul type resolution;
	Handle random year interval;
	Get l

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.grouping:  

2.1. Add a class for grouping function. It allows to:

	Instantiate grouping function  with source, field expression and field expression;
	Instantiate grouping function  with source, field expression, parameters list and parameters list;
	Get field;
	Get parameters;
	Convert grouping function to attribute;
	Make pipe;
	Process grouping function grouping function as script;
	Check if grouping function equals;
	Hash code

2.2. Add a class for grouping function attribute. It allows to:

	Instantiate grouping function attribute  with source, data type, expression id and expression id;
	Instantiate grouping function attribute  with source, data type, nullability, expression id and expression id;
	Info grouping function attribute;
	Get canonicalize;
	Clone source;
	Process grouping function attribute grouping function attribute with function id;
	Get label

2.3. Add a class for histogram. It allows to:

	Instantiate histogram  with source, field expression, interval expression, zone id and zone id;
	Get interval;
	Get zone id;
	Resolve type;
	Replace children;
	Get data type;
	Info histogram;
	Hash code;
	Check if histogram equals

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.literal:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.jdbc:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plugin:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.cli:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.jdbc:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.single_node:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

3.1. Add a class for group by date histogram. It allows to:

	Instantiate group by date histogram  with zone id;
	Instantiate group by date histogram  with script template, zone id and zone id;
	Instantiate group by date histogram  with script template, direction, zone id and zone id;
	Get interval;
	Create source builder;
	Get copy;
	Hash code;
	Check if group by date histogram equals

3.2. Add a class for group by numeric histogram. It allows to:

	Instantiate group by numeric histogram;
	Instantiate group by numeric histogram  with script template;
	Instantiate group by numeric histogram  with script template, direction and direction;
	Create source builder;
	Get copy;
	Hash code;
	Check if group by numeric histogram equals

3.3. Add an object creator class for group by value. It allows to:

	Instantiate group by value;
	Instantiate group by value  with script template;
	Instantiate group by value  with script template, direction and direction;
	Create source builder;
	Get copy

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.tree:  

