BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (userdict_ko.txt, lucene-LICENSE.txt, lucene-NOTICE.txt, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.get:  

1.1. Add a class for get settings request tests. It allows to:

	Handle test serde round trip

1.2. Add a class for get settings response tests. It allows to:

	Create blank instance;
	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Get random fields exclude filter

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.validate.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.blobstore:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http:  

2.1. Add a class for no handler IT. It allows to:

	Handle test no handler respects accept header;
	Run test no handler respects accept header

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

3.1. Add a class for analysis nori factory tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate analysis nori factory tests;
	Get tokenizers;
	Get token filters

3.2. Add a class for nori analysis tests. It allows to:

	Handle test defaults nori analysis;
	Handle test nori analyzer;
	Handle test nori analyzer user dict;
	Handle test nori analyzer user dict path;
	Handle test nori analyzer invalid user dict option;
	Handle test nori tokenizer;
	Handle test nori part of speech;
	Handle test nori reading form;
	Create test analysis

3.3. Add a class for nori analyzer provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate nori analyzer provider  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get nori analyzer provider

3.4. Add a class for nori client yaml test suite IT. It allows to:

	Instantiate nori client yaml test suite IT  with client yaml test candidate;
	Get parameters

3.5. Add a class for nori part of speech stop filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate nori part of speech stop filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream;
	Resolve POS list

3.6. Add an object creator class for nori reading form filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate nori reading form filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

3.7. Add a class for nori tokenizer factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate nori tokenizer factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Get user dictionary;
	Get mode;
	Create nori tokenizer factory

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugin.analysis.nori:  

4.1. Add a class for analysis nori plugin. It allows to:

	Get token filters;
	Get tokenizers;
	Get analyzers

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.tasks:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

