BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, sql_whitelist.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.close:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.explain:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ccr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1.1. Add a class for meta data index state service utils. It allows to:

	Instantiate meta data index state service utils;
	Add index closed blocks;
	Close routing table

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.env:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.state:  

2.1. Add a class for close index IT. It allows to:

	Get index settings;
	Handle test close missing index;
	Handle test close one missing index;
	Handle test close one missing index ignore missing;
	Handle test close no index;
	Handle test close null index;
	Handle test close index;
	Handle test close already closed index;
	Handle test close unassigned index;
	Handle test concurrent close;
	Handle test close while indexing documents;
	Handle test close while deleting indices;
	Handle test concurrent closes and opens;
	Handle test close index wait for active shards;
	Assert index is closed;
	Assert index is opened;
	Assert exception

2.2. Add a class for close while relocating shards IT. It allows to:

	Handle node plugins;
	Handle node settings;
	Handle maximum number of shards;
	Handle test close while relocating shards

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.lookup:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.recovery:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.document:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.token:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.client:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.ccr:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.token:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.store:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.oauth2:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.client:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search.extractor:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.grouping:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.regex:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.jdbc:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plugin:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.proto:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.session:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.tree:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.execution:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.actions.ack:  

