BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1.1. Add a class for recovery source prune merge policy tests. It allows to:

	Handle test prune all;
	Handle num deletes to merge;
	Get num deleted docs;
	Get info stream;
	Get merging segments;
	Handle test prune some;
	Handle test prune none

1.2. Add a class for soft deletes policy. It allows to:

	Instantiate soft deletes policy  with global checkpoint supplier, retention leases supplier and retention leases supplier;
	Set retention operations;
	Set local checkpoint  of safe commit;
	Acquire retention lock;
	Release retention lock;
	Get min retained seq no;
	Get retention query

1.3. Add a class for soft deletes policy tests. It allows to:

	Handle test soft deletes retention lock;
	Handle test when global checkpoint dictates the policy;
	Handle test when local checkpoint of safe commit dictates the policy;
	Handle test when retention leases dictate the policy

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.kerberos:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.pki:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.support:  

2.1. Add a class for delegated authorization settings. It allows to:

	Get settings

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.kerberos:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.pki:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support:  

3.1. Add a class for delegated authorization support. It allows to:

	Instantiate delegated authorization support  with all realms iterable, realm config, X pack license state and X pack license state;
	Instantiate delegated authorization support  with all realms iterable, lookup realms list, settings, thread context, X pack license state and X pack license state;
	Check if delegated authorization support has delegation;
	Resolve result listener;
	Resolve realms;
	Check delegated realms iterable for realm chains;
	Find realm

3.2. Add a class for delegated authorization support tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup realms;
	Get shuffle;
	Build realm config;
	Handle test empty delegation list;
	Handle test missing realm in delegation list;
	Handle test delegation chains are rejected;
	Handle test match in delegation list;
	Handle test realms are ordered;
	Handle test no match in delegation list;
	Handle test license rejection;
	Get license state

3.3. Add a class for mock lookup realm. It allows to:

	Instantiate mock lookup realm  with realm config;
	Register user;
	Handle supports;
	Handle token;
	Authenticate authentication token;
	Lookup user

3.4. Add a class for realm user lookup. It allows to:

	Instantiate realm user lookup  with realms list, thread context and thread context;
	Get realms;
	Check if realm user lookup has realms;
	Handle lookup

3.5. Add a class for realm user lookup tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle test no realms;
	Handle test user found;
	Handle test user not found;
	Handle test realm exception;
	Handle supports;
	Handle token;
	Authenticate authentication token;
	Lookup user;
	Build realms

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.index:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

