BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

1.1. Add a class for paging list cursor. It allows to:

	Instantiate paging list cursor  with data list;
	Instantiate paging list cursor  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get writeable name;
	Get data;
	Get column count;
	Get page size;
	Handle next page;
	Handle clear;
	Hash code;
	Check if paging list cursor equals;
	Convert paging list cursor to string

1.2. Add a class for paging list cursor tests. It allows to:

	Handle random paging list cursor;
	Mutate instance;
	Get named writeable registry;
	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Copy instance

1.3. Add a class for paging list row set. It allows to:

	Instantiate paging list row set  with list;
	Instantiate paging list row set  with schema, list and list;
	Get size;
	Get column count;
	Handle next page cursor

1.4. Add a class for result row set. It allows to:

	Instantiate result row set  with extractors list, mask bit set and mask bit set;
	Get column count;
	Get column;
	Get extractors;
	Get mask;
	Get user extractor;
	Result column;
	Result column count;
	Process result row set result row set for each result column;
	Extract value

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command.sys:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.physical:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.cli:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.single_node:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.session:  

2.1. Add a class for empty row set. It allows to:

	Instantiate empty row set  with schema;
	Do has current;
	Do next;
	Get column;
	Reset empty row set;
	Get size;
	Handle next page cursor;
	Get schema

2.2. Add a class for list row set. It allows to:

	Instantiate list row set  with schema, list and list;
	Do has current;
	Do next;
	Get column;
	Reset list row set;
	Get size;
	Handle next page cursor;
	Get schema

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.tree:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

3.1. Add a class for holder. It allows to:

	Instantiate holder;
	Instantiate holder  with value;
	Set value;
	Get holder

