BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.queries:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.search.grouping:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.search.uhighlight:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.search.vectorhighlight:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1.1. Add a class for max score collector. It allows to:

	Set scorer;
	Score mode;
	Collect max score collector;
	Get max score

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.termvectors:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.search:  

2.1. Add a class for top docs and max score. It allows to:

	Instantiate top docs and max score  with top docs

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.search.function:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util:  

3.1. Add a class for cached supplier. It allows to:

	Instantiate cached supplier  with supplier;
	Get cached supplier

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.deps.lucene:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.rescore:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.codec:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search.nested:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.similarity:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.aggregations:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

4.1. Add a class for percolate with nested query builder tests. It allows to:

	Initialize additional mappings;
	Handle test detects nested documents

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.adjacency:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.filter:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.geogrid:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.sampler:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.matrix.stats:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.basic:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.collapse:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.dfs:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase:  

5.1. Add a class for score fetch sub phase. It allows to:

	Handle hits execute

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.aggregation:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.query:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.rescore:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.slice:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.term:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.accesscontrol:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.accesscontrol:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

