BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.realm:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit:  

1.1. Add a class for third party audit task. It allows to:

	Get target compatibility;
	Set target compatibility;
	Get forbidden AP is configuration;
	Get signature file;
	Set signature file;
	Get java home;
	Set java home;
	Get jar expand dir;
	Ignore missing classes;
	Ignore violations;
	Ignore jar hell  with JDK;
	Get jdk jar hell excludes;
	Get missing class excludes;
	Get jars  to scan;
	Run third party audit;
	Log forbidden AP is output;
	Throw third party audit task not configured correctly exception;
	Extract jars;
	Assert no jar hell;
	Assert no pointless exclusions;
	Get format class list;
	Run forbidden AP is cli;
	Run jdk jar hell check;
	Get third party audit task runtime configuration

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

2.1. Add a class for bulk by scroll response builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate bulk by scroll response builder;
	Took bulk by scroll response builder;
	Took took time value;
	Set status;
	Set failures;
	Set bulk by scroll response builder;
	Build response

2.2. Add a class for bulk by scroll task status or exception tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Create test instance  without exceptions;
	Create test instance  with exceptions;
	Do parse instance;
	Assert equal status or exception;
	Assert equal instances;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Handle test from X content with failures

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

3.1. Add a class for dissect processor factory tests. It allows to:

	Handle test create;
	Handle test create missing field;
	Handle test create missing pattern;
	Handle test create missing optionals;
	Handle test create bad pattern

3.2. Add a class for dissect processor tests. It allows to:

	Handle test match;
	Handle test match overwrite;
	Handle test advanced match;
	Handle test miss;
	Handle test non string value with ignore missing;
	Handle test null value with ignore missing;
	Handle test null value with out ignore missing

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.user:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.user:  

4.1. Rename type UserTests with UserTests

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.filter:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.token:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.user:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.audit:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.file:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.kerberos:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.pki:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support.mapper:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.ingest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.user:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.user:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.execution:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.trigger.schedule:  

