BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for arabic normalization filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate arabic normalization filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.2. Rename type CJKBigramFilterFactory with CJKBigramFilterFactory

1.3. Add a class for cJK filter factory tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle test default;
	Handle test no flags;
	Handle test han only;
	Handle test han unigram only;
	Handle test disable graph

1.4. Add an object creator class for cJK width filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate cJK width filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.5. Add an object creator class for german normalization filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate german normalization filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.6. Add an object creator class for hindi normalization filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate hindi normalization filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.7. Add an object creator class for indic normalization filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate indic normalization filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.8. Add an object creator class for persian normalization filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate persian normalization filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.9. Add an object creator class for scandinavian normalization filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate scandinavian normalization filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

1.10. Add an object creator class for serbian normalization filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate serbian normalization filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

