BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.remote:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.status:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.fieldcaps:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex.remote:  

1.1. Rename type ReindexFromOldRemoteIT with ReindexFromOldRemoteIT

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.packaging:  

2.1. Add a class for packaging tests

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.gcs:  

3.1. Add a class for google cloud storage repository client yaml test suite IT. It allows to:

	Instantiate google cloud storage repository client yaml test suite IT  with client yaml test candidate;
	Get parameters

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.cluster:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.disruption:  

4.1. Add a class for block master service on master. It allows to:

	Instantiate block master service on master  with random;
	Disrupting block master service on master;
	Remove and ensure healthy;
	Get expected time to heal

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search.extractor:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.test.integration:  

