BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, sql_whitelist.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.common:  

1.1. Rename type ProtocolUtils with ProtocolUtils

1.2. Rename type ProtocolUtilsTests with ProtocolUtilsTests

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.license:  

2.1. Add a class for delete license request

2.2. Add a class for get license request. It allows to:

	Instantiate get license request;
	Check if get license request is local;
	Set local

2.3. Add a class for get license response. It allows to:

	Instantiate get license response;
	Get license definition

2.4. Add a class for put license request. It allows to:

	Instantiate put license request;
	Set license definition;
	Get license definition;
	Acknowledge put license request;
	Check if put license request is acknowledge

2.5. Add a class for put license response. It allows to:

	Instantiate put license response;
	Instantiate put license response  with licenses status;
	Instantiate put license response  with licenses status, acknowledge messages map and acknowledge messages map;
	Check if put license response is acknowledged;
	Get status;
	Acknowledge messages;
	Acknowledge header;
	Process put license response put license response from X content;
	Check if put license response equals;
	Hash code

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.rollup.job.config:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.watcher:  

3.1. Add a class for start watch service request

3.2. Add a class for stop watch service request

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.xpack:  

4.1. Add a class for x pack info request. It allows to:

	Convert x pack info request to set;
	Instantiate x pack info request;
	Set verbose;
	Check if x pack info request is verbose;
	Set categories;
	Get categories

4.2. Add a class for x pack usage request

4.3. Rename type XPackUsageResponse with XPackUsageResponse

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation.decider:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.suggest.stats:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

5.1. Add a class for top suggest group docs collector. It allows to:

	Instantiate top suggest group docs collector;
	Get contexts;
	Collect key char sequence

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action.bulk:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.index.engine:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search.extractor:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.math:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.processor:  

6.1. Add a class for functional binary processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate functional binary processor  with left processor, right processor, function and function;
	Instantiate functional binary processor  with stream input, reader and reader;
	Get function;
	Write stream output;
	Do process;
	Hash code;
	Check if functional binary processor equals

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.script:  

7.1. Add a class for scripts. It allows to:

	Instantiate scripts;
	Get format template;
	Handle null safe filter;
	Handle null safe sort;
	And left script template;
	O left script template;
	Handle binary method

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate:  

8.1. Add an interface declaration  for predicate bi function. It allows to:

	Name predicate bi function;
	Get symbol;
	Apply T;
	Get script method name

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.logical:  

9.1. Add an object creator class for and. It allows to:

	Instantiate and  with source, left expression, right expression and right expression;
	Info and;
	Replace children;
	Swap left and right;
	Negate and

9.2. Add a class for binary logic. It allows to:

	Instantiate binary logic  with source, left expression, right expression, binary logic operation and binary logic operation;
	Get data type;
	Resolve input type;
	Make pipe;
	Handle nullable

9.3. Add a class for binary logic pipe. It allows to:

	Instantiate binary logic pipe  with source, expression, left pipe, right pipe, binary logic operation and binary logic operation;
	Info binary logic pipe;
	Replace children;
	Process binary logic pipe binary logic pipe as processor;
	Hash code;
	Check if binary logic pipe equals

9.4. Add a class for binary logic processor. It allows to:

	Handle binary logic operation;
	Get symbol;
	Apply left boolean;
	Convert binary logic processor to string;
	Instantiate binary logic processor  with left processor, right processor, binary logic operation and binary logic operation;
	Instantiate binary logic processor  with stream input;
	Get writeable name;
	Check parameter;
	Get process

9.5. Rename type Not with Not

9.6. Add an object creator class for o. It allows to:

	Instantiate o  with source, left expression, right expression and right expression;
	Info o;
	Replace children;
	Swap left and right;
	Negate o

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.regex:  

10.1. Add a class for regex match. It allows to:

	Instantiate regex match  with source, value expression, pattern and pattern;
	Get pattern;
	Get data type;
	Handle nullable;
	Resolve type;
	Handle foldable;
	Check if regex match equals;
	Hash code

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

