BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a small modifier commit that does not change the system significantly.This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.email:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.pagerduty:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.webhook:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.common.http:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input.chain:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input.http:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.email.attachment:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.jira:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.pagerduty:  

1.1. Add a class for incident event tests. It allows to:

	Handle test pager duty X content

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.test.integration:  

