BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.security:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.security.user:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.breaker:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.breaker:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.aggregations:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for children to parent aggregator. It allows to:

	Instantiate children to parent aggregator  with aggregator factories, search context, parent aggregator, child filter query, parent filter query, values source bytes with ordinals, pipeline aggregators list, meta data map and meta data map;
	Build aggregation;
	Build empty aggregation

1.2. Add a class for children to parent aggregator tests. It allows to:

	Handle test no docs;
	Handle test parent child;
	Handle test parent child terms;
	Handle test terms parent child terms;
	Get setup index;
	Create parent document;
	Create child document;
	Create join field;
	Handle mapper service mock;
	Create join field mapper;
	Handle test case;
	Handle test case terms;
	Handle test case terms parent terms

1.3. Add a class for internal parent. It allows to:

	Instantiate internal parent  with internal aggregations, pipeline aggregators list, meta data map and meta data map;
	Instantiate internal parent  with stream input;
	Get writeable name;
	Handle new aggregation

1.4. Add a class for internal parent tests. It allows to:

	Get named X contents;
	Create test instance;
	Handle extra assert reduced;
	Get instance reader;
	Get implementation class

1.5. Add an interface declaration  for parent

1.6. Add a class for parent aggregation builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate parent aggregation builder;
	Instantiate parent aggregation builder  with clone parent aggregation builder, factories builder, meta data map and meta data map;
	Handle shallow copy;
	Instantiate parent aggregation builder  with stream input;
	Handle inner write to;
	Handle inner build;
	Resolve config;
	Join field resolve config;
	Do X content body;
	Parse X content parser;
	Handle inner hash code;
	Handle inner equals;
	Get type

1.7. Add an object creator class for parent aggregator factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate parent aggregator factory  with values source config, child filter query, parent filter query, search context, parent aggregator factory, sub factories builder, meta data map and meta data map;
	Create unmapped;
	Build empty aggregation;
	Do create internal

1.8. Add a class for parent IT. It allows to:

	Handle test simple parent agg;
	Handle test parent aggs;
	Get commenters;
	Get commenter  to comments;
	Handle test non existing parent type;
	Handle test terms parent agg terms

1.9. Add a class for parent tests. It allows to:

	Get plugins;
	Create test aggregator builder

1.10. Add a class for parsed parent. It allows to:

	Get type;
	Process parsed parent parsed parent from X content

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.spi:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexing:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

