BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties, readme.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1.1. Add a class for has attribute node selector. It allows to:

	Instantiate has attribute node selector;
	Select nodes iterable;
	Check if has attribute node selector equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert has attribute node selector to string

1.2. Add a class for has attribute node selector tests. It allows to:

	Handle test has attribute;
	Handle dummy node

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.sniff:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.ec2:  

2.1. Add a class for amazon EC 2 discovery client yaml test suite IT. It allows to:

	Instantiate amazon EC 2 discovery client yaml test suite IT  with client yaml test candidate;
	Get parameters

2.2. Add a class for amazon EC 2 fixture. It allows to:

	Instantiate amazon EC 2 fixture;
	Handle main;
	Handle request;
	Generate describe instances response;
	Convert amazon EC 2 fixture to path

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.netty4:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent:  

3.1. Add an interface declaration  for persistent task state

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml.section:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

4.1. Add a class for job task state. It allows to:

	Process job task state job task state from X content;
	Instantiate job task state  with job state;
	Instantiate job task state  with stream input;
	Get state;
	Get reason;
	Check if job task state is status stale;
	Get writeable name;
	Write  to stream output;
	Check if job task state is fragment;
	Convert job task state to X content;
	Check if job task state equals;
	Hash code

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.config:  

5.1. Add a class for job task state tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.job:  

