BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (log4j2.properties, custom-log4j2.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

1.1. Add a class for eS json layout. It allows to:

	Instantiate eS json layout  with charset;
	Get pattern;
	Create layout;
	Convert eS json layout to serializable;
	Get content format;
	Encode log event;
	Convert eS json layout to string

1.2. Add a class for json log line. It allows to:

	Convert json log line to string;
	Get type;
	Timestamp json log line;
	Get level;
	Get component;
	Get cluster name;
	Node name;
	Get cluster uuid;
	Node id;
	Get message;
	Get stacktrace;
	Set type;
	Set timestamp;
	Set level;
	Set component;
	Set cluster name;
	Set node name;
	Set cluster uuid;
	Set node id;
	Set message;
	Set stacktrace;
	Create parser

1.3. Add a class for json logger tests. It allows to:

	Handle init node name;
	Set json logger tests;
	Tear json logger tests;
	Handle test json layout;
	Handle test prefix logger in json;
	Handle test json in message;
	Handle test stacktrace;
	Handle test json in stacktrace message is splitted;
	Collect lines;
	Get cluster logs path;
	Handle setup logging;
	Log line;
	Feature value  of actual json log line;
	Stacktrace json logger tests with;

1.4. Add a class for json logs integ test case. It allows to:

	Node name matcher;
	Handle open reader;
	Handle test elements present on all lines of log;
	Find first line;
	Handle test node id and cluster id consistent once available;
	Get log file

1.5. Add a class for json throwable pattern converter. It allows to:

	Instantiate json throwable pattern converter  with configuration;
	Handle new instance;
	Handle format;
	Get format stacktrace;
	Get format json;
	Wrap json throwable pattern converter as json;
	Check if json throwable pattern converter handles throwable

1.6. Add a class for json throwable pattern converter tests. It allows to:

	Handle test no stacktrace;
	Handle test stacktrace with json;
	Get format

1.7. Add a class for node and cluster id converter. It allows to:

	Handle new instance;
	Instantiate node and cluster id converter;
	Set node id and cluster id;
	Handle format;
	Get format ids

1.8. Add a class for node and cluster id state listener. It allows to:

	Instantiate node and cluster id state listener;
	Get and set node id and cluster id;
	Check if node and cluster id state listener is node and cluster id present;
	Get cluster UUID;
	Get node id;
	Process node and cluster id state listener node and cluster id state listener on new cluster state;
	Process node and cluster id state listener node and cluster id state listener on cluster service close;
	Process node and cluster id state listener node and cluster id state listener on timeout

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.qa.custom_logging:  

2.1. Add a class for custom logging config IT. It allows to:

	Handle test successful startup with custom config;
	Read all lines;
	Get log file

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.qa.die_with_dignity:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest:  

3.1. Add a class for json logs format and parse IT. It allows to:

	Node name matcher;
	Handle open reader

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.unconfigured_node_name:  

4.1. Rename type NodeNameInLogsIT with JsonLogsFormatAndParseIT

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

