BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.security:  

1.1. Add a class for template role name. It allows to:

	Instantiate template role name  with format;
	Instantiate template role name  with template map, format and format;
	Get template;
	Get format;
	Check if template role name equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert template role name to X content;
	Process template role name template role name from X content;

Add a local an interface declaration  for fields

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.rolemapping:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.support.mapper:  

2.1. Add a class for template role name tests. It allows to:

	Handle test parse roles;
	Convert test;
	Handle test serialize template;
	Handle test equals and hash code;
	Handle test evaluate roles;
	Parse template role name tests;
	Try serialize;
	Equals original template role name

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.support.mapper.expressiondsl:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.support:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.support:  

3.1. Add a class for mustache template evaluator. It allows to:

	Instantiate mustache template evaluator;
	Evaluate script service

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.rolemapping:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.kerberos:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support.mapper:  

