BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.delete:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.main:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.breaker:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.similarity:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.dfs:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.slice:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.wildfly:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.monitoring.exporter:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.deprecation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.indexlifecycle:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter.http:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.cli:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.jdbc:  

