BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle.xml, sql_whitelist.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.fieldcaps:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.resync:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for sorani normalization filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate sorani normalization filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

2.1. Add a class for rethrottle request. It allows to:

	Instantiate rethrottle request  with task id;
	Get task id;
	Get requests  per second;
	Convert rethrottle request to string

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml:  

3.1. Add a class for start datafeed request. It allows to:

	Instantiate start datafeed request;
	Get datafeed id;
	Start start datafeed request;
	Set start;
	Get end;
	Set end;
	Get timeout;
	Set timeout;
	Validate start datafeed request;
	Hash code;
	Check if start datafeed request equals;
	Convert start datafeed request to X content

3.2. Add a class for start datafeed request tests. It allows to:

	Create random instance;
	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

3.3. Add a class for start datafeed response. It allows to:

	Instantiate start datafeed response;
	Process start datafeed response start datafeed response from X content;
	Check if start datafeed response is started;
	Check if start datafeed response equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert start datafeed response to X content

3.4. Add a class for start datafeed response tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

3.5. Add a class for stop datafeed request. It allows to:

	Stop all datafeeds request;
	Instantiate stop datafeed request  with datafeed ids list;
	Instantiate stop datafeed request;
	Get datafeed ids;
	Get timeout;
	Set timeout;
	Get force;
	Set force;
	Get allow no datafeeds;
	Set allow no datafeeds;
	Validate stop datafeed request;
	Hash code;
	Check if stop datafeed request equals;
	Convert stop datafeed request to X content;
	Convert stop datafeed request to string

3.6. Add a class for stop datafeed request tests. It allows to:

	Handle test close all datafeeds request;
	Handle test with null datafeed ids;
	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

3.7. Add a class for stop datafeed response. It allows to:

	Instantiate stop datafeed response;
	Process stop datafeed response stop datafeed response from X content;
	Check if stop datafeed response is stopped;
	Check if stop datafeed response equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert stop datafeed response to X content

3.8. Add a class for stop datafeed response tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.flush:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

4.1. Rename type PipelineProcessorTests with PipelineProcessorTests

4.2. Add a class for tracking result processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate tracking result processor  with actual processor, processor result list and processor result list;
	Execute ingest document;
	Get type;
	Get tag;
	Decorate compound processor

4.3. Add a class for tracking result processor tests. It allows to:

	Handle init;
	Test actual processor;
	Test actual compound processor  without on failure;
	Test actual compound processor  with on failure;
	Test actual compound processor  with ignore failure;
	Test actual compound processor  with false conditional;
	Test actual pipeline processor;
	Test actual pipeline processor  with true conditional;
	Test actual pipeline processor  with false conditional;
	Test actual pipeline processor  with handled failure;
	Test actual pipeline processor  with cycle;
	Test actual pipeline processor repeated invocation

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

5.1. Add a class for rest validate query action tests. It allows to:

	Handle stub validate query action;
	Execute task;
	Terminate thread pool;
	Handle test rest validate query action;
	Handle test rest validate query action empty query;
	Handle test rest validate query action malformed query;
	Create rest request;
	Handle test type in path;
	Handle test type parameter;
	Perform request

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

6.1. Add a class for corruption utils tests. It allows to:

	Handle test lucene check index ignores last 4 bytes

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml.restspec:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.threadpool:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.netty4:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.nio:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.index.engine:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ccr:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.filestructurefinder:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.persistence:  

7.1. Add a class for job deletion task. It allows to:

	Instantiate job deletion task  with parent task id, headers map and headers map;
	Start job deletion task;
	Check if job deletion task is started

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.filestructurefinder:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.persistence:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.results:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.utils:  

8.1. Rename type MlIndicesUtils with MlIndicesUtils

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

9. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

9.1. Add a class for abstract simple security transport test case. It allows to:

	Create SSL service;
	Get supported settings;
	Handle test connect exception;
	Handle test bind unavailable address;
	Handle test tcp handshake;
	Handle test renegotiation;
	Handle test SNI server name is propagated;
	Handle matches;
	Handle test invalid SNI server name;
	Handle test security client authentication configs;
	Get engine  from accepted channel;
	Get accepted channel;
	Get SSL engine;
	Get single channel

10. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.netty4:  

10.1. Add a class for simple security netty 4 server transport tests. It allows to:

	Get netty from thread pool;
	Execute handshake;
	Build settings

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.nio:  

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.action:  

11. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.math:  

11.1. Add a class for truncate. It allows to:

	Instantiate truncate  with source, left expression, right expression and right expression;
	Info truncate;
	Get operation;
	Get replaced children instance

12. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

12. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

12. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plugin:  

12. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.proto:  

12. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

12. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

12. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.test.integration:  

12.1. Add a class for single node tests. It allows to:

	Handle time warped;
	Handle test that loading with non existing index works

13. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.trigger.schedule.engine:  

