BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.info:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.usage:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.restore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shards:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.main:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.document:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.builder:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.cbor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.support.filtering:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.document:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper.murmur3:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper.size:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query.functionscore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex.remote:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.similarity:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.snapshots.blobstore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.mget:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.nodesinfo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.mustache:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.basic:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.builder:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.scroll:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.searchafter:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.slice:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.tasks:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.hamcrest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.threadpool:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.wildfly:  

