BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties, LICENSE.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.joda:  

1.1. Add a class for java joda time duelling tests. It allows to:

	Handle test time zone formatting;
	Handle test custom time formats;
	Handle test duelling formats valid parsing;
	Handle test composite parsing;
	Handle test exception when composite parsing fails;
	Handle test dueling strict parsing;
	Handle test same printer output;
	Handle test same printer output with time zone;
	Handle test date formatter with locale;
	Test several time formats;
	Handle test iso 8601 parsers;
	Handle test parsing missing timezone;
	Assert same printer output;
	Assert same date;
	Assert parse exception;
	Assert joda parse exception;
	Assert java time parse exception

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.time:  

2.1. Add a class for date formatters. It allows to:

	Process date formatters date formatters for pattern;
	Merge formatters list;
	Process date formatters date formatters from;
	Get localdate;
	O local date;
	Get temporal accessor first of month

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.antlr:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.lookup:  

3.1. Add an object creator class for painless cast. It allows to:

	Handle original typeto target type;
	Handle unbox original type;
	Handle unbox target type;
	Get box original type;
	Get box target type;
	Handle unbox original type to box target type;
	Instantiate painless cast  with original type class, target type class, unbox original type class, unbox target type class, box original type class, box target type class and box target type class;
	Check if painless cast equals;
	Hash code

3.2. Add a class for painless class. It allows to:

	Instantiate painless class  with constructors map, static methods map, methods map, static fields map, fields map, functional interface method, runtime methods map, getter method handles map, setter method handles map and setter method handles map;
	Check if painless class equals;
	Hash code

3.3. Add a class for painless field. It allows to:

	Instantiate painless field  with java field, type parameter class, getter method handle, setter method handle and setter method handle;
	Check if painless field equals;
	Hash code

3.4. Add a class for painless lookup. It allows to:

	Instantiate painless lookup  with java class names to classes map, canonical class names to classes map, classes to painless classes map, painless method keys to imported painless methods map, painless method keys to painless class bindings map, painless method keys to painless instance bindings map and painless method keys to painless instance bindings map;
	Handle java class name to class;
	Check if painless lookup is valid canonical class name;
	Handle canonical type name to type;
	Get classes;
	Get imported painless methods keys;
	Get painless class bindings keys;
	Get painless instance bindings keys;
	Lookup painless class;
	Lookup painless constructor;
	Lookup painless method;
	Lookup painless field;
	Lookup imported painless method;
	Lookup painless class binding;
	Lookup painless instance binding;
	Lookup functional interface painless method;
	Lookup runtime painless method;
	Lookup runtime getter method handle;
	Lookup runtime setter method handle;
	Lookup runtime painless object

3.5. Add a class for painless method. It allows to:

	Instantiate painless method  with java method, target class, return type class, type parameters list, method handle, method type and method type;
	Check if painless method equals;
	Hash code

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.spi:  

4.1. Add a class for whitelist class. It allows to:

	Instantiate whitelist class  with whitelist constructors, whitelist methods, whitelist fields and whitelist fields

4.2. Add a class for whitelist constructor. It allows to:

	Instantiate whitelist constructor  with canonical type name parameters list

4.3. Add a class for whitelist field. It allows to:

	Instantiate whitelist field

4.4. Add a class for whitelist method. It allows to:

	Instantiate whitelist method  with canonical type name parameters list

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rest.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative.tool:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.email:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.slack.message:  

