BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.parsers:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.netty4.cors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio.cors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1.1. Add a class for es tiered merge policy. It allows to:

	Instantiate es tiered merge policy;
	Find forced merges;
	Find forced deletes merges;
	Set force merge deletes pct allowed;
	Get force merge deletes pct allowed;
	Set floor segment MB;
	Get floor segment MB;
	Set max merge  at once;
	Get max merge  at once;
	Set max merge  at once explicit;
	Get max merge  at once explicit;
	Set max merged segment MB;
	Get max merged segment MB;
	Set segments  per tier;
	Get segments  per tier;
	Set deletes pct allowed;
	Get deletes pct allowed

1.2. Add a class for es tiered merge policy tests. It allows to:

	Handle test defaults;
	Handle test set max merged segment MB;
	Handle test set force merge deletes pct allowed;
	Handle test set floor segment MB;
	Handle test set max merge at once;
	Handle test set max merge at once explicit;
	Handle test set segments per tier;
	Handle test set deletes pct allowed

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.flush:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.lookup:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.spi:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugin.store.smb:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for index store plugin. It allows to:

	Get index store factories

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.datafeed:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.config:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect.writer:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

