BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.resthandler:  

1.1. Add a class for example fixture. It allows to:

	Instantiate example fixture;
	Handle request;
	Handle main

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http:  

2.1. Add a class for default rest channel. It allows to:

	Instantiate default rest channel  with http channel, http request, rest request, big arrays, http handling settings, thread context and thread context;
	Handle new bytes output;
	Send response;
	Set header field;
	Add custom headers;
	Add cookies;
	Check if default rest channel is close connection;
	Check if default rest channel is http 10

2.2. Add an interface declaration  for http channel. It allows to:

	Send response;
	Get local address;
	Get remote address

2.3. Add an interface declaration  for http request. It allows to:

	Get method;
	Get uri;
	Handle content;
	Get headers;
	Handle strict cookies;
	Get protocol version;
	Remove header;
	Create response

2.4. Add an interface declaration  for http response. It allows to:

	Add header;
	Check if http response contains header

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.netty4:  

3.1. Add a class for netty 4 cors tests. It allows to:

	Handle test cors enabled without allow origins;
	Handle test cors enabled with allow origins;
	Handle test cors allow origin with same host;
	Handle test that string literal works on match;
	Handle test that any origin works;
	Execute request

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.netty4.cors:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio.cors:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent:  

4.1. Add an interface declaration  for persistent task state

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.url:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

5.1. Add a class for job task state. It allows to:

	Process job task state job task state from X content;
	Instantiate job task state  with job state;
	Instantiate job task state  with stream input;
	Get state;
	Get reason;
	Check if job task state is status stale;
	Get writeable name;
	Write  to stream output;
	Check if job task state is fragment;
	Convert job task state to X content;
	Check if job task state equals;
	Hash code

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.rest:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.config:  

6.1. Add a class for job task state tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect.writer:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.job:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest:  

