BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitattributes, version.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.delete:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1.1. Add a class for html strip char filter factory tests. It allows to:

	Handle test deprecation warning;
	Handle test no deprecation warning pre 6 3

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2.1. Add a class for index version value. It allows to:

	Instantiate index version value  with translog location;
	Handle ram bytes used;
	Check if index version value equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert index version value to string;
	Get location

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

3.1. Add a class for match phrase query IT. It allows to:

	Set match phrase query IT;
	Handle test zero terms query;
	Get index requests

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.flush:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.node:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.antlr:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.threadpool:  

