BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (gradle-wrapper.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.create:  

1.1. Add a class for create snapshot request tests. It allows to:

	Convert test

1.2. Add a class for create snapshot response tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Create test instance

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.get:  

2.1. Add an object creator class for get snapshots response tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Create blank instance;
	Create test instance

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.explain:  

3.1. Rename type ExplainRequestTests with ExplainRequestTests

3.2. Add a class for explain response tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Create blank instance;
	Create test instance;
	Get random fields exclude filter;
	Convert test;
	Handle random explanation

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.replication:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bwcompat:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.component:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.builders:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.parsers:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject.spi:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata.plain:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

4.1. Add a class for scripted metric agg contexts tests. It allows to:

	Get script contexts;
	Handle test init basic;
	Handle test map basic;
	Get doc ID;
	Get score;
	Handle test map source access;
	Handle test combine basic;
	Handle test reduce basic

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.search:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion.context:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.hamcrest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml.section:  

5.1. Add a class for contains assertion. It allows to:

	Parse X content parser;
	Instantiate contains assertion  with X content location;
	Assert contains assertion

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

6.1. Rename type QueryBuilderBWCIT with QueryBuilderBWCIT

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.integration:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ssl:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.actions:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

7.1. Add a class for query builder BWCIT. It allows to:

	Rest client settings

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.job:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.support:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.throttler:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.actions.put:  

