BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a small modifier commit that does not change the system significantly.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.master:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.aliases:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.broadcast:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.document:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldstats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indexing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.flush:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugin.noop.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.hdfs:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.url:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.cat:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.mustache:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

1.1. Add a class for t digest state tests. It allows to:

	Test more  than 4 B values

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.pipeline:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.basic:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.functionscore:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.nested:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.preference:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.scroll:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.simple:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.slice:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.source:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.similarity:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.hamcrest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.persistence:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.retention:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter.local:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.store:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.condition:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.execution:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.history:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input.chain:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.support.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.test.integration:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transform.search:  

