BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.netty4.cors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio.cors:  

1.1. Add a class for nio cors config. It allows to:

	Instantiate nio cors config  with nio cors config builder;
	Check if nio cors config is cors support enabled;
	Check if nio cors config is any origin supported;
	Get origins;
	Check if nio cors config is origin allowed;
	Check if nio cors config is credentials allowed;
	Max age;
	Get allowed request methods;
	Get allowed request headers;
	Handle preflight response headers;
	Check if nio cors config is short circuit;
	Get value;
	Convert nio cors config to string

1.2. Add a class for nio cors handler. It allows to:

	Instantiate nio cors handler  with nio cors config;
	Channel read;
	Write ctx channel handler context;
	Set cors response headers;
	Release request;
	Handle preflight;
	Get forbidden;
	Check if nio cors handler is same origin;
	Set preflight headers;
	Set origin;
	Validate origin;
	Echo request origin;
	Set vary header;
	Set any origin;
	Set allow credentials;
	Check if nio cors handler is preflight request;
	Set allow methods;
	Set allow headers;
	Set max age

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.config:  

