BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, version.properties, rest-high-level-signatures.txt, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.reload:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.delete:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.delete:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.storedscripts:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.close:  

1.1. Add a class for close index response. It allows to:

	Instantiate close index response;
	Read  from stream input;
	Write  to stream output

1.2. Add a class for close index response tests. It allows to:

	Handle test serialization;
	Handle test bwc serialization;
	Handle random response;
	Assert close index response

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.delete:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.delete:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.upgrade.post:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.master:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.blocks:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.transport:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.coordination:  

2.1. Add a class for apply commit request. It allows to:

	Instantiate apply commit request  with source node;
	Instantiate apply commit request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Convert apply commit request to string

2.2. Add a class for apply commit response handler. It allows to:

	Process apply commit response handler apply commit response handler on response;
	Handle publication completed iff all targets inactive or canceled;
	Process apply commit response handler apply commit response handler on failure;

2.3. Add a class for coordination state rejected exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate coordination state rejected exception;
	Instantiate coordination state rejected exception  with stream input

2.4. Add a class for election scheduler factory tests. It allows to:

	Handle random grace period;
	Assert election schedule;
	Handle test retries on correct schedule;
	Handle test settings validation;
	Handle test random positive long less than

2.5. Add a class for failed to commit cluster state exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate failed to commit cluster state exception  with stream input;
	Instantiate failed to commit cluster state exception;
	Instantiate failed to commit cluster state exception  with cause throwable

2.6. Add a class for join. It allows to:

	Instantiate join  with source node, target node and target node;
	Instantiate join  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get source node;
	Get target node;
	Target matches;
	Get last accepted version;
	Get term;
	Get last accepted term;
	Convert join to string;
	Check if join equals;
	Hash code

2.7. Add a class for messages tests. It allows to:

	Create node;
	Handle test join equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test publish request equals hash code;
	Handle test publish response equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test publish with join response equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test start join request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test apply commit equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test join request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle random cluster state;
	Handle test pre vote request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test pre vote response equals hash code serialization

2.8. Add a class for peers response. It allows to:

	Instantiate peers response  with master node optional, known peers list and known peers list;
	Instantiate peers response  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get master node;
	Get known peers;
	Get term;
	Convert peers response to string;
	Check if peers response equals;
	Hash code

2.9. Add a class for publish request. It allows to:

	Instantiate publish request  with accepted state;
	Get accepted state;
	Check if publish request equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert publish request to string

2.10. Add a class for publish response. It allows to:

	Instantiate publish response;
	Instantiate publish response  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get term;
	Get version;
	Convert publish response to string;
	Check if publish response equals;
	Hash code

2.11. Add a class for publish with join response. It allows to:

	Instantiate publish with join response  with publish response, optional join and optional join;
	Instantiate publish with join response  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get publish response;
	Join publish with join response;
	Check if publish with join response equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert publish with join response to string

2.12. Add a class for start join request. It allows to:

	Instantiate start join request  with source node;
	Instantiate start join request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get source node;
	Get term;
	Convert start join request to string;
	Check if start join request equals;
	Hash code

2.13. Add a class for term version request. It allows to:

	Instantiate term version request  with source node;
	Instantiate term version request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get source node;
	Get term;
	Get version;
	Check if term version request equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert term version request to string

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.service:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.component:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.joda:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.rounding:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.time:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

3.1. Add a class for handshaking transport address connector. It allows to:

	Instantiate handshaking transport address connector  with settings, transport service and transport service;
	Connect transport address to remote master node;
	Run;
	Process  on failure;
	Convert to string

3.2. Add a class for peer finder messages tests. It allows to:

	Create node;
	Handle test peers request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test peers response equals hash code serialization;
	Modify discovery nodes list

3.3. Add a class for peers request. It allows to:

	Instantiate peers request  with source node, known peers list and known peers list;
	Instantiate peers request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get known peers;
	Get source node;
	Convert peers request to string;
	Check if peers request equals;
	Hash code

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.document:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.realm:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.test:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.grok:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper.size:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indexlifecycle:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

4.1. Add a class for fake thread pool master service. It allows to:

	Instantiate fake thread pool master service  with on task available to run consumer;
	Create mock thread pool;
	Create thread pool executor;
	Execute command runnable;
	Schedule next task  if necessary;
	Get increment version;
	Publish cluster changed event;
	Wrap ack listener

4.2. Add a class for fake thread pool master service tests. It allows to:

	Handle test fake master service;
	Execute current state;
	Handle cluster state processed;
	Process  on failure;
	Get index builder

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.state:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.store:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.query:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.node:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.antlr:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.lookup:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.spi:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.recovery:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.hdfs:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.url:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.cluster:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.cat:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.expression:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support.values:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.collapse:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.query:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.term:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.tasks:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.hamcrest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml.section:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.nio:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.wildfly:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.client:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.datafeed:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.messages:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.persistence:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.results:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.token:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.user:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.support:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.accesscontrol:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.support:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.user:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ssl:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.client:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.crypto:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.service:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.client:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.persistence:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect.output:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.normalizer:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.results:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.retention:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.rest.datafeeds:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.rest.job:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.support:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter.http:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.config:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.job:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.rest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.filter:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.user:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.audit:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.file:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.kerberos:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap.support:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.pki:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support.mapper:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.ingest:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.user:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.nio:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.user:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.email:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.pagerduty:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.webhook:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.common.http:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.execution:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input.chain:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input.http:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.email.attachment:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.jira:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.pagerduty:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.test.integration:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.actions.service:  

