BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (sql_whitelist.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1.1. Add a class for predicate token script filter tests. It allows to:

	Handle test simple filter;
	Compile script

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

2.1. Add a class for abstract full cluster restart test case. It allows to:

	Check if abstract full cluster restart test case is running against old cluster;
	Get old cluster version;
	Preserve indices  upon completion;
	Preserve snapshots  upon completion;
	Preserve repos  upon completion;
	Preserve templates  upon completion;
	Preserve cluster settings;
	Preserve rollup jobs  upon completion;
	Preserve ILM policies  upon completion

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.filestructurefinder:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.filestructurefinder:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

3.1. Add a class for base date time function. It allows to:

	Instantiate base date time function  with source, field expression, zone id and zone id;
	Info base date time function;
	Ctor base date time function for info;
	Resolve type;
	Get zone id;
	Handle foldable;
	Fold base date time function;
	Check if base date time function equals;
	Hash code

3.2. Add a class for base date time processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate base date time processor  with zone id;
	Instantiate base date time processor  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get zone id;
	Get process;
	Do process

3.3. Add a class for day name. It allows to:

	Instantiate day name  with source, field expression, zone id and zone id;
	Ctor day name for info;
	Replace child

3.4. Add a class for month name. It allows to:

	Instantiate month name  with source, field expression, zone id and zone id;
	Ctor month name for info;
	Replace child

3.5. Add an object creator class for named date time function. It allows to:

	Instantiate named date time function  with source, field expression, zone id, name extractor and name extractor;
	Get script with field;
	Make processor;
	Get data type

3.6. Add a class for named date time processor. It allows to:

	Name extractor;
	Extract zoned date time;
	Extract millis zoned date time;
	Instantiate named date time processor  with name extractor, zone id and zone id;
	Instantiate named date time processor  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get writeable name;
	Get extractor;
	Do process;
	Hash code;
	Check if named date time processor equals;
	Convert named date time processor to string

3.7. Add a class for named date time processor tests. It allows to:

	Handle random named date time processor;
	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Mutate instance;
	Handle test valid day names in UTC;
	Handle test valid day names with non UTC time zone;
	Handle test valid month names in UTC;
	Handle test valid month names with non UTC time zone;
	Assume java 9 plus and compat locale provider setting

3.8. Add a class for quarter. It allows to:

	Instantiate quarter  with source, field expression, zone id and zone id;
	Get script with field;
	Ctor quarter for info;
	Replace child;
	Make processor;
	Get data type

3.9. Add a class for quarter processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate quarter processor  with zone id;
	Instantiate quarter processor  with stream input;
	Get writeable name;
	Do process;
	Get quarter;
	Hash code;
	Check if quarter processor equals

3.10. Add a class for quarter processor tests. It allows to:

	Handle test quarter with UTC timezone;
	Handle test valid day names with non UTC time zone

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

