BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.component:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.builders:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.parsers:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject.spi:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.unit:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.builder:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.cbor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.smile:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.support.filtering:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata.plain:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.attachment:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1.1. Add a class for scripted metric agg contexts tests. It allows to:

	Get script contexts;
	Handle test init basic;
	Handle test map basic;
	Get doc ID;
	Get score;
	Handle test map source access;
	Handle test combine basic;
	Handle test reduce basic

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.builder:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.searchafter:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion.context:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.hamcrest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml.section:  

2.1. Add a class for contains assertion. It allows to:

	Parse X content parser;
	Instantiate contains assertion  with X content location;
	Assert contains assertion

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.actions:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.job:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.throttler:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.actions.put:  

