BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.settings:  

1.1. Add a class for cluster get settings request. It allows to:

	Validate cluster get settings request;
	Include defaults;

1.2. Add a class for cluster get settings response. It allows to:

	Instantiate cluster get settings response  with persistent settings, transient settings, default settings and default settings;
	Get persistent settings;
	Get transient settings;
	Get default settings;
	Setting cluster get settings response;
	Convert cluster get settings response to X content;
	Process cluster get settings response cluster get settings response from X content;
	Check if cluster get settings response equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert cluster get settings response to string

1.3. Add a class for cluster get settings response tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Create test instance;
	Get random fields exclude filter

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.get:  

2.1. Add a class for get index response tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Create blank instance;
	Create test instance;
	Get random fields exclude filter;
	Get get index response tests to X content params

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.get:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.blobstore:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.blobstore.fs:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.blobstore.url:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.builders:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.netty4:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.netty4.cors:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.breaker:  

3.1. Add a class for hierarchy circuit breaker service tests. It allows to:

	Convert test threaded updates;
	Get breaker;
	Check parent limit;
	Handle test borrowing sibling breaker memory;
	Handle test parent breaks on real memory usage;
	Handle current memory usage;
	Handle test tripped circuit breaker durability;
	M hierarchy circuit breaker service tests

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.azure:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.gcs:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.hdfs:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.cluster:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.basic:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots.mockstore:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter.http:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.user:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input.chain:  

