BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml:  

1.1. Add a class for delete model snapshot request. It allows to:

	Instantiate delete model snapshot request;
	Get job id;
	Get snapshot id;
	Validate delete model snapshot request;
	Hash code;
	Check if delete model snapshot request equals

1.2. Add a class for delete model snapshot request tests. It allows to:

	Handle test with null job id;
	Handle test with null snapshot id;
	Create test instance

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml.datafeed:  

2.1. Add a class for delayed data check config. It allows to:

	Get enabled delayed data check config;
	Handle disabled delayed data check config;
	Instantiate delayed data check config  with enabled boolean, check window time value and check window time value;
	Check if delayed data check config is enabled;
	Get check window;
	Convert delayed data check config to X content;
	Hash code;
	Check if delayed data check config equals

2.2. Add a class for delayed data check config tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Handle test enabled delayed data check config;
	Handle test disabled delayed data check config;
	Create randomized config

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.rollup:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.protocol:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.protocol.xpack:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.aggregation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.query:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.datafeed:  

3.1. Add a class for delayed data check config. It allows to:

	Create parser;
	Get default delayed data check config;
	Get enabled delayed data check config;
	Handle disabled delayed data check config;
	Instantiate delayed data check config  with enabled boolean, check window time value and check window time value;
	Instantiate delayed data check config  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Check if delayed data check config is enabled;
	Get check window;
	Convert delayed data check config to X content;
	Hash code;
	Check if delayed data check config equals

3.2. Add a class for delayed data check config tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Get instance reader;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle test constructor;
	Handle test enabled delayed data check config;
	Handle test disabled delayed data check config;
	Handle test default delayed data check config;
	Create randomized config;
	Mutate instance

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.messages:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.utils.time:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.store:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.delayeddatacheck:  

4.1. Add a class for datafeed delayed data detector. It allows to:

	Instantiate datafeed delayed data detector  with datafeed query builder, client and client;
	Detect missing data;
	Get window;
	Check bucket events;
	Check current bucket event count;
	Convert datafeed delayed data detector to histogram key to epoch;
	Missing indexed data map

4.2. Add an interface declaration  for delayed data detector. It allows to:

	Detect missing data;
	Get window

4.3. Add a class for delayed data detector factory tests. It allows to:

	X content registry;
	Handle test builder;
	Create job;
	Create datafeed

4.4. Add a class for null delayed data detector. It allows to:

	Detect missing data;
	Get window

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect.output:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.jdbc:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.single_node:  

