BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a small modifier commit that does not change the system significantly.This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitattributes, version.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.delete:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.flush:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.node:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.antlr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for engine plugin. It allows to:

	Get engine factory

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.threadpool:  

