BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (gradle-wrapper.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.termvectors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.breaker:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.antlr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.qa.verify_version_constants:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.azure:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.fs:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.gcs:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.hdfs:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.url:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.netty4:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ssl:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.execution:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.categorization:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.config:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.indices:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.job:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.user:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative.tool:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.pki:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.netty4:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.nio:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.ssl:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ssl:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.webhook:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.common.http:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.execution:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.email:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.jira:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.pagerduty:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.slack:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.slack.message:  

