BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.geogrid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.missing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.nested:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant.heuristics:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.pipeline:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.basic:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.dfs:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.functionscore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.lookup:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.msearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.nested:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.preference:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.profile.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.scroll:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.source:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

