BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.action:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract get resources request. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract get resources request;
	Instantiate abstract get resources request  with page params;
	Set resource id;
	Get resource id;
	Set page params;
	Get page params;
	Set allow no resources;
	Check if abstract get resources request is allow no resources;
	Validate abstract get resources request;
	Read  from stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Hash code;
	Check if abstract get resources request equals;
	Get resource id field

1.2. Add a class for abstract get resources response. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract get resources response;
	Instantiate abstract get resources response  with resources query page;
	Get resources;
	Read  from stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get status;
	Convert abstract get resources response to X content;
	Hash code;
	Check if abstract get resources response equals;
	Convert abstract get resources response to string;
	Get reader

1.3. Add a class for abstract transport get resources action. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract transport get resources action  with transport service, action filters, request supplier, client, named X content registry and named X content registry;
	Search resources;
	Process  on response;
	Process  on failure;
	Build query;
	Handle additional query;
	Get results field;
	Get indices;
	Parse X content parser;
	Not found exception;
	Get execution origin;
	Extract id  from resource

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.action.util:  

2.1. Rename type ExpandedIdsMatcherTests with ExpandedIdsMatcherTests

2.2. Rename type PageParams with PageParams

2.3. Rename type PageParamsTests with PageParamsTests

2.4. Rename type QueryPage with QueryPage

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.delayeddatacheck:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.persistence:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.persistence:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.modelsnapshots:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.rest.calendar:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.rest.filter:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.rest.modelsnapshots:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.rest.results:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.support:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.ml:  

