BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml, readme.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package hdfs:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.search.vectorhighlight:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks.cancel:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.tasks.list:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.repositories.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.storedscripts:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias.get:  

1.1. Add a class for get aliases response tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Create blank instance;
	Mutate instance;
	Mutate aliases;
	Create test item;
	Create indices aliases map;
	Create get aliases response tests alias meta data;
	Mutate alias meta data alias meta data

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.delete:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.flush:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.get:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.get:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.refresh:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.get:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.get:  

2.1. Add a class for get index templates response tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Create test instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Get get index templates response tests to X content params;
	Assert equal instances

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.delete:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.fieldcaps:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.master:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.master.info:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.replication:  

3.1. Rename type TransportWriteActionTestHelper with TransportWriteActionTestHelper

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cli:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

4.1. Add a class for get aliases response. It allows to:

	Instantiate get aliases response  with rest status, aliases map and aliases map;
	Instantiate get aliases response  with rest status, elasticsearch exception and elasticsearch exception;
	Get status;
	Get error;
	Get exception;
	Get aliases;
	Convert get aliases response to X content;
	Process get aliases response get aliases response from X content;
	Parse aliases

4.2. Add a class for get aliases response tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Create indices aliases map;
	Create get aliases response tests alias meta data;
	Do parse instance;
	Get random fields exclude filter;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Assert equal instances;
	Handle test from X content with elasticsearch exception;
	Handle test from X content with no alias found;
	Handle test from X content with missing and found alias

4.3. Add an interface declaration  for node selector. It allows to:

	Select nodes iterable;
	Convert to string;

4.4. Add a class for node selector tests. It allows to:

	Test node selector tests;
	Handle test not master only;
	Handle dummy node

4.5. Add a class for node tests. It allows to:

	Convert test;
	Handle test equals and hash code

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.benchmark:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.sniff:  

5.1. Add a class for elasticsearch nodes sniffer. It allows to:

	Instantiate elasticsearch nodes sniffer  with rest client;
	Instantiate elasticsearch nodes sniffer  with rest client, scheme and scheme;
	Sniff elasticsearch nodes sniffer;
	Read hosts;
	Read node;
	V 2 role attribute value;
	Get scheme;
	Convert elasticsearch nodes sniffer to string

5.2. Add a class for elasticsearch nodes sniffer parse tests. It allows to:

	Check file;
	Convert test;
	Handle test 5 x;
	Handle test 6 x;
	Node elasticsearch nodes sniffer parse tests

5.3. Add a class for mock nodes sniffer. It allows to:

	Sniff mock nodes sniffer

5.4. Add an interface declaration  for nodes sniffer. It allows to:

	Sniff nodes sniffer

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.sniff.documentation:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cloud.gce:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cloud.gce.network:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.action.shard:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation.decider:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.bytes:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.compress:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.document:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.builders:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.parsers:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject.assistedinject:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.io:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.search:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.text:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.transport:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.unit:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.ec2:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.gce:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.env:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.realm:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.role:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.grok:  

6.1. Add a class for thread watchdog tests. It allows to:

	Handle test interrupt;
	Handle test idle if nothing registered

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.netty4:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis.pl:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata.ordinals:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata.plain:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query.functionscore:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search.nested:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indexing:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indexlifecycle:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.analyze:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.exists.types:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.settings:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.store:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.template:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.attachment:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.aggregations:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license.licensor.tools:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.nio:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.node:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.antlr:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.recovery:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.azure:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.cluster:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.cat:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.search:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.routing:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script.mustache:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.adjacency:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.filter:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.global:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.missing:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.nested:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.range:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.sampler:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support.values:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.builder:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.collapse:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.rescore:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.term:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.engine:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.hamcrest:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml.section:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.threadpool:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.tools.java_version_checker:  

7.1. Add a class for java version. It allows to:

	Parse java version;
	Handle major version;
	Compare left list

7.2. Add a class for java version checker. It allows to:

	Instantiate java version checker;
	Handle main;
	Err println;
	Handle exit

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.tools.launchers:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.netty4:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.wildfly.transport:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.graph.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.integration:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.process.autodetect.state:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.results:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.rolemapping:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.saml:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc.support.mapper.expressiondsl:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ssl:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.support.xcontent:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.get:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.logstash:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.client:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.support:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.cleaner:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.indices:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter.http:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter.local:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.job:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.rolemapping:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.file:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.file.tool:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap.support:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.pki:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.accesscontrol:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.store:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.crypto.tool:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.qa:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.saml:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.filter:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.ssl:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.user:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.cli:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.cli.command:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.fulltext:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.physical:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.agg:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.session:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ssl:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.pagerduty:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.slack:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.webhook:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.common.http:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input.chain:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.email:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.email.attachment:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.slack.message:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.rest.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.actions.stats:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.trigger:  

