BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.main:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.single.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation.decider:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.iterable:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.grok:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.cache.bitset:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.store:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.join.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.nio:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.pipeline:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.threadpool:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.permission:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect.params:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.rest.modelsnapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.role:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.ssl:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.pagerduty:  

