BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.component:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.builders:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject.spi:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fielddata.plain:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1.1. Add a class for scripted metric agg contexts tests. It allows to:

	Get script contexts;
	Handle test init basic;
	Handle test map basic;
	Get doc ID;
	Get score;
	Handle test map source access;
	Handle test combine basic;
	Handle test reduce basic

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion.context:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.hamcrest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.actions:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.autodetect:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.throttler:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.input:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.actions.put:  

