BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1.1. Add a class for cCRIT. It allows to:

	Handle setup remote cluster config;
	Handle test index following;
	Handle test forget follower;
	Handle test auto following;
	Convert cCRIT to map

1.2. Add a class for nodes response header test utils. It allows to:

	Convert nodes response header test utils to X content

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ccr:  

2.1. Add a class for put follow request. It allows to:

	Instantiate put follow request;
	Instantiate put follow request  with wait for active shard count;
	Convert put follow request to X content;
	Get remote cluster;
	Get leader index;
	Get follower index;
	Wait put follow request for active shards;
	Check if put follow request equals;
	Hash code

2.2. Add a class for put follow request tests. It allows to:

	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields;
	Create test instance

2.3. Add a class for put follow response. It allows to:

	Process put follow response put follow response from X content;
	Instantiate put follow response;
	Check if put follow response is follow index created;
	Check if put follow response is follow index shards acked;
	Check if put follow response is index following started;
	Check if put follow response equals;
	Hash code

2.4. Add a class for put follow response tests. It allows to:

	Create server test instance;
	Do parse  to client instance;
	Assert instances

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.license:  

3.1. Add a class for get basic status response. It allows to:

	Instantiate get basic status response;
	Check if get basic status response is eligible to start basic;
	Process get basic status response get basic status response from X content;
	Check if get basic status response equals;
	Hash code

3.2. Add a class for get trial status response. It allows to:

	Instantiate get trial status response;
	Check if get trial status response is eligible to start trial;
	Process get trial status response get trial status response from X content;
	Check if get trial status response equals;
	Hash code

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.watcher:  

4.1. Add a class for queued watch. It allows to:

	Instantiate queued watch  with triggered time, execution time and execution time;
	Get watch id;
	Get watch record id;
	Get triggered time;
	Get execution time;
	Check if queued watch equals;
	Hash code

4.2. Add a class for watch execution snapshot. It allows to:

	Instantiate watch execution snapshot  with triggered time, execution time, execution phase and execution phase;
	Get watch id;
	Get watch record id;
	Get triggered time;
	Get execution time;
	Get phase;
	Get executed actions;
	Get execution stack trace;
	Check if watch execution snapshot equals;
	Hash code

4.3. Add a class for watcher meta data. It allows to:

	Instantiate watcher meta data;
	Handle manually stopped;
	Convert watcher meta data to string;
	Check if watcher meta data equals;
	Hash code

4.4. Add a class for watcher stats request. It allows to:

	Instantiate watcher stats request;
	Include current watches;
	Include queued watches;
	Convert watcher stats request to string

4.5. Add a class for watcher stats response tests. It allows to:

	Handle test from X content;
	Convert watcher stats response tests to X content;
	Create test instance

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

5.1. Add a class for rewrite caching directory reader tests. It allows to:

	Handle test get min max packed value;
	Handle test is within query

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.protocol:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.protocol.xpack.license:  

6.1. Add an object creator class for get basic status response tests. It allows to:

	Do hlrc parse instance;
	Convert hlrc  to internal;
	Create blank instance;
	Create test instance

6.2. Add an object creator class for get trial status response tests. It allows to:

	Do hlrc parse instance;
	Convert hlrc  to internal;
	Create blank instance;
	Create test instance

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

7.1. Add a class for client assertions. It allows to:

	Acked acknowledged response

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml.section:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

8. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

