BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ssl:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.exporter.http:  

1.1. Add a class for http exporter ssl IT. It allows to:

	Clean up statics;
	Ignore external cluster;
	Handle node settings;
	Build web server;
	Close secure settings;
	Handle test can not update ssl settings with secure settings;
	Handle test can update ssl settings with no secure settings;
	Handle test can add new exporter with ssl;
	Assert exporter exists;
	Get exporter;
	Set verification mode;
	Handle clear transient settings

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative.tool:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.nio:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.ssl:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ssl:  

