BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (gradle-wrapper.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.snapshots.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.alias.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.fieldcaps:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.resync:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.aliases:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.coordination:  

1.1. Add a class for apply commit request. It allows to:

	Instantiate apply commit request  with source node;
	Instantiate apply commit request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Convert apply commit request to string

1.2. Add a class for coordination state rejected exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate coordination state rejected exception;
	Instantiate coordination state rejected exception  with stream input

1.3. Add a class for join. It allows to:

	Instantiate join  with source node, target node and target node;
	Instantiate join  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get source node;
	Get target node;
	Target matches;
	Get last accepted version;
	Get term;
	Get last accepted term;
	Convert join to string;
	Check if join equals;
	Hash code

1.4. Add a class for messages tests. It allows to:

	Create node;
	Handle test join equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test publish request equals hash code;
	Handle test publish response equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test publish with join response equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test start join request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test apply commit equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test join request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle random cluster state;
	Handle test pre vote request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test pre vote response equals hash code serialization

1.5. Add a class for publish request. It allows to:

	Instantiate publish request  with accepted state;
	Get accepted state;
	Check if publish request equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert publish request to string

1.6. Add a class for publish response. It allows to:

	Instantiate publish response;
	Instantiate publish response  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get term;
	Get version;
	Convert publish response to string;
	Check if publish response equals;
	Hash code

1.7. Add a class for start join request. It allows to:

	Instantiate start join request  with source node;
	Instantiate start join request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get source node;
	Get term;
	Convert start join request to string;
	Check if start join request equals;
	Hash code

1.8. Add a class for term version request. It allows to:

	Instantiate term version request  with source node;
	Instantiate term version request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get source node;
	Get term;
	Get version;
	Check if term version request equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert term version request to string

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.get:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.rankeval:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search.nested:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.similarity:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.termvectors:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.breaker:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.mapping:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.packaging:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.packaging.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.packaging.util:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.antlr:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.lookup:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.qa.verify_version_constants:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.azure:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.fs:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.gcs:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.hdfs:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.url:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.histogram:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.nested:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.significant:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.terms:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.metrics:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.lookup:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.morelikethis:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.nested:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.netty4:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.rollup.job:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ssl:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.client:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.execution:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.support:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.watcher.transport.actions.put:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.categorization:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.config:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.indices:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.restart:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup.job:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.user:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative.tool:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.pki:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.saml:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.netty4:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.nio:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.ssl:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.string:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ssl:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.throttler:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.webhook:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.common.http:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.execution:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.history:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.email:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.jira:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.pagerduty:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.slack:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.slack.message:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.rest.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.test.integration:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.action.activate:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.action.delete:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.action.execute:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.action.get:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.action.put:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.transport.actions.put:  

