BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.exists.types:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.explain:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.termvectors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.update:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ccr:  

1.1. Add a class for get auto follow pattern request. It allows to:

	Instantiate get auto follow pattern request;
	Get name

1.2. Add a class for get auto follow pattern response tests. It allows to:

	Create server test instance;
	Do parse  to client instance;
	Assert instances

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.transport:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.settings:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters:  

2.1. Add a class for test clusters exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate test clusters exception;
	Instantiate test clusters exception  with cause throwable;

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.flush:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent.decider:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.document:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.index.engine:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.datafeed:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.messages:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.utils:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.aggregation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.chunked:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.scroll:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.qa.security:  

