BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.coordination:  

1.1. Add a class for apply commit request. It allows to:

	Instantiate apply commit request  with source node;
	Instantiate apply commit request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Convert apply commit request to string

1.2. Add a class for coordination state rejected exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate coordination state rejected exception;
	Instantiate coordination state rejected exception  with stream input

1.3. Add a class for join. It allows to:

	Instantiate join  with source node, target node and target node;
	Instantiate join  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get source node;
	Get target node;
	Target matches;
	Get last accepted version;
	Get term;
	Get last accepted term;
	Convert join to string;
	Check if join equals;
	Hash code

1.4. Add a class for messages tests. It allows to:

	Create node;
	Handle test join equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test publish request equals hash code;
	Handle test publish response equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test publish with join response equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test start join request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test apply commit equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test join request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle random cluster state;
	Handle test pre vote request equals hash code serialization;
	Handle test pre vote response equals hash code serialization

1.5. Add a class for publish request. It allows to:

	Instantiate publish request  with accepted state;
	Get accepted state;
	Check if publish request equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert publish request to string

1.6. Add a class for publish response. It allows to:

	Instantiate publish response;
	Instantiate publish response  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get term;
	Get version;
	Convert publish response to string;
	Check if publish response equals;
	Hash code

1.7. Add a class for start join request. It allows to:

	Instantiate start join request  with source node;
	Instantiate start join request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get source node;
	Get term;
	Convert start join request to string;
	Check if start join request equals;
	Hash code

1.8. Add a class for term version request. It allows to:

	Instantiate term version request  with source node;
	Instantiate term version request  with stream input;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get source node;
	Get term;
	Get version;
	Check if term version request equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert term version request to string

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

