BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.node:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.gce:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.single:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for http server channel. It allows to:

	Get local address

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.netty4:  

2.1. Add a class for netty 4 http server channel. It allows to:

	Instantiate netty 4 http server channel  with channel;
	Get local address;
	Add close listener;
	Check if netty 4 http server channel is open;
	Close netty 4 http server channel;
	Convert netty 4 http server channel to string

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.http.nio:  

3.1. Add a class for nio http server channel. It allows to:

	Instantiate nio http server channel  with server socket channel;
	Add close listener;
	Convert nio http server channel to string

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.nio:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.client:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

4.1. Add an interface declaration  for tcp server channel. It allows to:

	Get local address

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.netty4:  

5.1. Rename type NettyTcpChannel with Netty4TcpChannel

5.2. Add a class for netty 4 tcp server channel. It allows to:

	Instantiate netty 4 tcp server channel  with channel;
	Get local address;
	Close netty 4 tcp server channel;
	Add close listener;
	Check if netty 4 tcp server channel is open;
	Convert netty 4 tcp server channel to string

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.nio:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.support:  

