BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (sql_whitelist.txt).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for sorani normalization filter factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate sorani normalization filter factory  with index settings, environment, settings and settings;
	Create token stream

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

2.1. Add a class for rethrottle request. It allows to:

	Instantiate rethrottle request  with task id;
	Get task id;
	Get requests  per second;
	Convert rethrottle request to string

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

3.1. Rename type PipelineProcessorTests with PipelineProcessorTests

3.2. Add a class for tracking result processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate tracking result processor  with actual processor, processor result list and processor result list;
	Execute ingest document;
	Get type;
	Get tag;
	Decorate compound processor

3.3. Add a class for tracking result processor tests. It allows to:

	Handle init;
	Test actual processor;
	Test actual compound processor  without on failure;
	Test actual compound processor  with on failure;
	Test actual compound processor  with ignore failure;
	Test actual compound processor  with false conditional;
	Test actual pipeline processor;
	Test actual pipeline processor  with true conditional;
	Test actual pipeline processor  with false conditional;
	Test actual pipeline processor  with handled failure;
	Test actual pipeline processor  with cycle;
	Test actual pipeline processor repeated invocation

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.upgrades:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.config:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.persistence:  

4.1. Add a class for job deletion task. It allows to:

	Instantiate job deletion task  with parent task id, headers map and headers map;
	Start job deletion task;
	Check if job deletion task is started

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.action:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.persistence:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.results:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.utils:  

5.1. Rename type MlIndicesUtils with MlIndicesUtils

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.math:  

6.1. Add a class for truncate. It allows to:

	Instantiate truncate  with source, left expression, right expression and right expression;
	Info truncate;
	Get operation;
	Get replaced children instance

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.whitelist:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plugin:  

7. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

