BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.builders:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.unit:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.builder:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.cbor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.smile:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.xcontent.support.filtering:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.search.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.rest.action.admin.indices:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.script:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.builder:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.searchafter:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.completion:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

