BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle_suppressions.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.create:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml:  

1.1. Add a class for get model snapshots request. It allows to:

	Instantiate get model snapshots request;
	Get job id;
	Get snapshot id;
	Set snapshot id;
	Get sort;
	Set sort;
	Get page params;
	Set page params;
	Start get model snapshots request;
	Set start;
	Get end;
	Set end;
	Get desc;
	Set desc;
	Validate get model snapshots request;
	Convert get model snapshots request to X content;
	Check if get model snapshots request equals;
	Hash code

1.2. Add a class for get model snapshots request tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

1.3. Add a class for get model snapshots response. It allows to:

	Process get model snapshots response get model snapshots response from X content;
	Instantiate get model snapshots response  with snapshot builders list;
	Get snapshots;
	Hash code;
	Check if get model snapshots response equals

1.4. Add a class for get model snapshots response tests. It allows to:

	Create test instance;
	Do parse instance;
	Handle supports unknown fields

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.ml.job.process:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.health:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.logging:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util.concurrent:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.seqno:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexlifecycle:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.cluster:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

