BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.close:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.builders:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.geo.parsers:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1.1. Add a class for legacy geo shape field mapper tests. It allows to:

	Get plugins;
	Handle test default configuration;
	Handle test orientation parsing;
	Handle test coerce parsing;
	Handle test ignore Z value;
	Handle test ignore malformed parsing;
	Handle test geohash configuration;
	Handle test quadtree configuration;
	Assert field warnings;
	Handle test level precision configuration;
	Handle test points only option;
	Handle test level defaults;
	Handle test geo shape mapper merge;
	Handle test empty name;
	Handle test serialize defaults;
	Handle test points only defaults with term strategy;
	Handle test points only false with term strategy;
	Convert legacy geo shape field mapper tests to X content string;

1.2. Add a class for legacy geo shape field type tests. It allows to:

	Create default field type;
	Handle setup properties;
	Modify ft mapped field type;
	Handle test set strategy name

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

2.1. Add a class for legacy geo shape field query tests. It allows to:

	Get field name;
	Create test index settings;
	Do create test query builder;
	Handle test invalid relation

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.cluster:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.state:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.geo:  

3.1. Add a class for legacy geo shape integration IT. It allows to:

	Handle test orientation persistence;
	Handle test ignore malformed;
	Handle test index shape routing;
	Find node name

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.geo:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.indexing:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

