BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.realm:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.user:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authc:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.user:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.saml:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.user:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.audit:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.file:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.kerberos:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.pki:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.support.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.user:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.user:  

1.1. Add a class for user serialization tests. It allows to:

	Convert test write;
	Handle test system user read and write;
	Handle test system user fails read;
	Handle test X pack user read and write;
	Handle test fake internal user serialization;
	Handle test reserved user serialization

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.execution:  

