BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties, gradle-wrapper.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.analysis.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.termvectors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.plugins:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.smoketest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ssl:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.categorization:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.config:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.esnative.tool:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.pki:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.saml:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.netty4:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.nio:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.ssl:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ssl:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.webhook:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.common.http:  

