BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.uid:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.realm:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.example.role:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.recovery:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.integration:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.license:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.lookup:  

1.1. Add a class for painless constructor. It allows to:

	Instantiate painless constructor  with java constructor, type parameters list, method handle, method type and method type;
	Check if painless constructor equals;
	Hash code

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless.node:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.privilege:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.privilege:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.kerberos:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.pki:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.user:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ssl:  

