BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (version.properties).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.apache.lucene.queries:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.health:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.reroute:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.shards:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.state:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.flush:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.forcemerge:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.mapping.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.template.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.upgrade.post:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.bulk:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.master:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.single.instance:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.termvectors:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation.decider:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.component:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject.internal:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.lucene.search:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.unit:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.util:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gateway:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.analysis:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.engine:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.fieldvisitor:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.mapper:  

1.1. Add a class for ignored field type tests. It allows to:

	Create default field type;
	Handle test prefix query;
	Handle test regexp query;
	Handle test wildcard query

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query.functionscore:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.replication:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.shard:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.store:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.translog:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.indices:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.percolator:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.azure:  

2.1. Add a class for azure storage repository client yaml test suite IT. It allows to:

	Instantiate azure storage repository client yaml test suite IT  with client yaml test candidate;
	Get parameters;
	Rest client settings

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.fetch.subphase.highlight:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.internal:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.phrase:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.suggest.term:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

