BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (java-versions.properties). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.node.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.precommit:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.gradle.testclusters:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.rest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ccr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.ccr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.index:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.aggregate:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.comparison:  

1.1. Add a class for in pipe. It allows to:

	Instantiate in pipe  with source, expression, pipes list and pipes list;
	Replace children;
	Info in pipe;
	Hash code;
	Check if in pipe equals;
	Process in pipe in pipe as processor

1.2. Add a class for in processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate in processor  with processors list;
	Instantiate in processor  with stream input;
	Get writeable name;
	Write  to stream output;
	Get process;
	Apply values list;
	Check if in processor equals;
	Hash code

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.container:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.querydsl.query:  

2.1. Add a class for terms query. It allows to:

	Instantiate terms query  with source, values list and values list;
	Process terms query terms query as builder;
	Hash code;
	Check if terms query equals;
	Handle inner to string

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.session:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

