BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for test utils. It allows to:

	Instantiate test utils;
	Handle random configuration;

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.analysis.analyzer:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.execution.search:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar:  

2.1. Add a class for configuration function. It allows to:

	Instantiate configuration function  with source, configuration, data type and data type;
	Replace children;
	Get configuration;
	Get data type;
	Handle nullable;
	Handle foldable;
	Fold configuration function;
	Process configuration function configuration function as script;
	Hash code;
	Check if configuration function equals

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.function.scalar.datetime:  

3.1. Add a class for current date time. It allows to:

	Instantiate current date time  with source, precision expression, configuration and configuration;
	Get precision;
	Info current date time;
	Handle nano precision

3.2. Add a class for current date time tests. It allows to:

	Handle random current date time;
	Handle random instance;
	Get copy;
	Mutate instance current date time;
	Handle test transform;
	Handle test replace children;
	Handle test nano precision;
	Handle test default precision

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.predicate.operator.arithmetic:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.optimizer:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.parser:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plan.logical.command.sys:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.planner:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.plugin:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.session:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.stats:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.tree:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.type:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.util:  

