BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (java-versions.properties, checkstyle_suppressions.xml, whitelist.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.rollover:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.settings.put:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.shrink:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.discovery.ec2:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.hdfs:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.s3:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ccr.rest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ccr:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.role:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.action.user:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for get user privileges action. It allows to:

	Instantiate get user privileges action;
	Handle new response

1.2. Add a class for get user privileges request. It allows to:

	Instantiate get user privileges request;
	Instantiate get user privileges request  with stream input;
	Validate get user privileges request;
	Username get user privileges request;
	Get usernames;
	Read  from stream input;
	Write  to stream output

1.3. Add a class for get user privileges request builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate get user privileges request builder  with elasticsearch client;
	Username get user privileges request builder

1.4. Add a class for get user privileges request tests. It allows to:

	Handle test serialization

1.5. Add a class for get user privileges response tests. It allows to:

	Handle test serialization;
	Handle test equals and hash code;
	Handle random response;
	Get sorted;
	Compare collection;
	Handle random string set

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.authz.permission:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.client:  

2. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml:  

2.1. Add a class for machine learning painless extension. It allows to:

	Get context whitelists

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.datafeed.extractor.scroll:  

3. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.utils:  

3.1. Add a class for domain split function tests. It allows to:

	Handle test domain split;
	Assert domain split

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.collector.ccr:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.rollup:  

4. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.action.user:  

4.1. Add a class for transport get user privileges action. It allows to:

	Instantiate transport get user privileges action  with thread pool, transport service, action filters, authorization service and authorization service;
	Execute task

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authz.accesscontrol:  

5. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action.user:  

5.1. Add a class for rest get user privileges action tests. It allows to:

	Handle test basic license;
	Handle test build response

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.sql.expression.gen.pipeline:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.actions.email:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.common.text:  

6. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.watcher.notification.email:  

