BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.cluster.settings:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.admin.indices.validate.query:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.ingest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.action.support.replication:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.cluster.routing.allocation:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.component:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject.assistedinject:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject.internal:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.inject.spi:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.common.io.stream:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.get:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.index.reindex:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.ingest.common:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.painless:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.persistent:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.repositories.blobstore:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.bucket.composite:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.matrix.stats:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.pipeline:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.aggregations.support:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.search.sort:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.snapshots:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.hamcrest:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.test.rest.yaml.section:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.netty4:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.transport.nio:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.integration:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.ml.job.results:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.core.security.client:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.persistence:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.ml.job.process.normalizer:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.monitoring.integration:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.authc.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.rest.action:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.security.transport.nio:  

1. Changes to package org.elasticsearch.xpack.test.rest:  

