BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (application.properties). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jolokia:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for jolokia endpoint. It allows to:

	Instantiate jolokia endpoint  with init parameters map;
	Get jolokia endpoint

1.2. Add an object creator class for jolokia endpoint auto configuration. It allows to:

	Handle jolokia endpoint

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoke:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

2.1. Add a class for endpoint servlet. It allows to:

	Instantiate endpoint servlet  with servlet class;
	Handle instantiate class;
	Instantiate endpoint servlet  with servlet;
	Instantiate endpoint servlet  with servlet, init parameters map and init parameters map;
	Process endpoint servlet endpoint servlet with init parameter;
	Process endpoint servlet endpoint servlet with init parameters;
	Process endpoint servlet endpoint servlet with load on startup;
	Get servlet;
	Get init parameters;
	Get load  on startup

2.2. Add an interface declaration  for exposable servlet endpoint. It allows to:

	Get endpoint servlet

2.3. Add a class for servlet endpoint registrar. It allows to:

	Instantiate servlet endpoint registrar  with servlet endpoints collection;
	Handle clean base path;
	Process servlet endpoint registrar servlet endpoint registrar on startup;
	Register servlet context

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web.annotation:  

3.1. Add a class for discovered servlet endpoint. It allows to:

	Instantiate discovered servlet endpoint  with endpoint discoverer, endpoint id and endpoint id;
	Get root path;
	Get endpoint servlet

3.2. Add a class for servlet endpoint discoverer. It allows to:

	Instantiate servlet endpoint discoverer  with application context, endpoint path mappers list, filters collection and filters collection;
	Check if servlet endpoint discoverer is endpoint exposed;
	Create endpoint;
	Create operation;
	Create operation key

3.3. Add a class for servlet endpoint filter. It allows to:

	Instantiate servlet endpoint filter

3.4. Add an interface declaration  for servlet endpoints supplier

