BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoke.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.convert:  

1.1. Add a class for application conversion service. It allows to:

	Instantiate application conversion service;
	Instantiate application conversion service  with embedded value resolver;
	Get shared instance;
	Configure formatter registry;
	Add application converters;
	Add delimited string converters;
	Add application formatters

1.2. Add a class for array to delimited string converter. It allows to:

	Instantiate array to delimited string converter  with conversion service;
	Get convertible types;
	Handle matches;
	Convert source type descriptor

1.3. Add a class for char array formatter. It allows to:

	Get print;
	Parse locale

1.4. Add a class for char array formatter tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate char array formatter tests  with conversion service;
	Convert char array formatter tests from char array to string should convert;
	Convert char array formatter tests from string to char array should convert;
	Get conversion services

1.5. Add a class for collection to delimited string converter. It allows to:

	Instantiate collection to delimited string converter  with conversion service;
	Get convertible types;
	Handle matches;
	Convert source type descriptor;
	Convert source collection;
	Get delimiter;
	Convert element

1.6. Add a class for conversion service parameters. It allows to:

	Instantiate conversion service parameters  with formatter;
	Instantiate conversion service parameters  with converter factory;
	Instantiate conversion service parameters  with generic converter;
	Instantiate conversion service parameters  with initializer consumer;
	Get iterator

1.7. Add a class for delimited string to array converter. It allows to:

	Instantiate delimited string to array converter  with conversion service;
	Get convertible types;
	Handle matches;
	Convert source type descriptor;
	Get elements

1.8. Add a class for delimited string to collection converter. It allows to:

	Instantiate delimited string to collection converter  with conversion service;
	Get convertible types;
	Handle matches;
	Convert source type descriptor;
	Create collection;
	Get elements

1.9. Add a class for duration style tests. It allows to:

	Detect and parse when value is null should throw exception;
	Detect and parse when iso 8601 should return duration;
	Detect and parse when simple nanos should return duration;
	Detect and parse when simple micros should return duration;
	Detect and parse when simple millis should return duration;
	Detect and parse when simple seconds should return duration;
	Detect and parse when simple minutes should return duration;
	Detect and parse when simple hours should return duration;
	Detect and parse when simple days should return duration;
	Detect and parse when simple  without suffix should return duration;
	Detect and parse when simple  without suffix but with chrono unit should return duration;
	Detect and parse when bad format should throw exception;
	Detect when simple should return simple;
	Detect when iso 8601 should return iso 8601;
	Detect when unknown should throw exception;
	Parse iso 8601 should parse;
	Parse iso 8601  with unit should ignore unit;
	Parse iso 8601 when simple should throw exception;
	Parse simple should parse;
	Parse simple  with unit should use unit as fallback;
	Parse simple when unknown unit should throw exception;
	Parse simple when iso 8601 should throw exception;
	Handle print iso 8601 should print;
	Handle print iso 8601 should ignore unit;
	Print simple  without unit should print in ms;
	Print simple  with unit should print in unit

1.10. Add a class for duration to number converter. It allows to:

	Get convertible types;
	Convert source type descriptor;
	Get duration unit;
	Convert source duration

1.11. Add a class for duration to number converter tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate duration to number converter tests  with conversion service;
	Convert duration to number converter tests without style should return ms;
	Convert duration to number converter tests with format should use ignore format;
	Convert duration to number converter tests with format and unit should use format and unit;
	Get conversion services

1.12. Add a class for duration to string converter. It allows to:

	Get convertible types;
	Convert source type descriptor;
	Get duration unit;
	Get duration style;
	Convert source duration

1.13. Add a class for duration to string converter tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate duration to string converter tests  with conversion service;
	Convert duration to string converter tests without style should return iso 8601;
	Convert duration to string converter tests with format should use format and ms;
	Convert duration to string converter tests with format and unit should use format and unit;
	Get conversion services

1.14. Add a class for inet address formatter. It allows to:

	Get print;
	Parse locale

1.15. Add a class for inet address formatter tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate inet address formatter tests  with conversion service;
	Convert inet address formatter tests from inet address to string should convert;
	Convert inet address formatter tests from string to inet address should convert;
	Convert inet address formatter tests from string to inet address when host does not exist should throw exception;
	Resolves inet address formatter tests;
	Check if inet address formatter tests is resolvable;
	Get conversion services

1.16. Add a class for iso offset formatter. It allows to:

	Get print;
	Parse locale

1.17. Add a class for iso offset formatter tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate iso offset formatter tests  with conversion service;
	Convert should convert string  to iso date;
	Convert should convert iso date  to string;
	Get conversion services

1.18. Add a class for mock duration type descriptor. It allows to:

	Instantiate mock duration type descriptor;
	Get chrono unit

1.19. Add a class for number to duration converter. It allows to:

	Get convertible types;
	Convert source type descriptor

1.20. Add a class for number to duration converter tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate number to duration converter tests  with conversion service;
	Convert when simple  without suffix should return duration;
	Convert when simple  without suffix but with annotation should return duration;
	Convert source integer;
	Get conversion services

1.21. Add a class for string to duration converter. It allows to:

	Get convertible types;
	Convert source type descriptor;
	Get style;
	Get duration unit;
	Convert duration style

1.22. Add a class for string to duration converter tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate string to duration converter tests  with conversion service;
	Convert when iso 8601 should return duration;
	Convert when simple nanos should return duration;
	Convert when simple micros should return duration;
	Convert when simple millis should return duration;
	Convert when simple seconds should return duration;
	Convert when simple minutes should return duration;
	Convert when simple hours should return duration;
	Convert when simple days should return duration;
	Convert when simple  without suffix should return duration;
	Convert when simple  without suffix but with annotation should return duration;
	Convert when bad format should throw exception;
	Convert when style mismatch should throw exception;
	Convert when empty should return null;
	Convert string to duration converter tests;
	Convert chrono unit;
	Get conversion services

1.23. Add a class for string to enum ignoring case converter factory tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate string to enum ignoring case converter factory tests  with conversion service;
	Convert can convert from string;
	Convert string to enum ignoring case converter factory tests from string to enum when exact match should convert value;
	Convert string to enum ignoring case converter factory tests from string to enum when fuzzy match should convert value;
	Convert string to enum ignoring case converter factory tests from string to enum when using non english locale should convert value;
	Get conversion services;
	Convert string to enum ignoring case converter factory tests to string

