BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.audit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.audit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.couchbase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.flyway:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.info:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integrationtest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jms:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.management:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.redis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.solr:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.system:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.flyway:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.info:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.management:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.redis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.security:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.system:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.ansi:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.groovy.template:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.hazelcast:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.artemis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jooq:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.template:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.archive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.shell:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.dependencies:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.grape:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cloud:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.autoconfigure:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.classpath:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.filewatch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.livereload:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.remote.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.remote.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.classloader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tunnel.payload:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tunnel.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jta.bitronix:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.archive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.data:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.java:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.log4j2:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.logback:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.origin:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.system:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.jooq:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.restdocs:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet.mockmvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.bootstrap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.runner:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.mock.mockito:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.rule:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web.htmlunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.netty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.result.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.error:  

1. Changes to package sample.activemq:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator.customsecurity:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

1. Changes to package sample.batch:  

1. Changes to package sample.bitronix:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.couchbase:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.ldap:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.mongo:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.neo4j:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.redis:  

1. Changes to package sample.devtools:  

1. Changes to package sample.flyway:  

1. Changes to package sample.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates:  

1. Changes to package sample.hateoas:  

1. Changes to package sample.integration.consumer:  

1. Changes to package sample.jetty:  

1. Changes to package sample.jetty.jsp:  

1. Changes to package sample.jetty.ssl:  

1. Changes to package sample.jooq:  

1. Changes to package sample.jsp:  

1. Changes to package sample.mustache:  

1. Changes to package sample.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package sample.parent.consumer:  

1. Changes to package sample.secure:  

1. Changes to package sample.security.method:  

1. Changes to package sample.servlet:  

1. Changes to package sample.simple:  

1. Changes to package sample.test.domain:  

1. Changes to package sample.test.service:  

1. Changes to package sample.test.web:  

1. Changes to package sample.testng:  

1. Changes to package sample.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package sample.tomcat.jsp:  

1. Changes to package sample.tomcat.ssl:  

1. Changes to package sample.traditional:  

1. Changes to package sample.undertow:  

1. Changes to package sample.web.secure:  

1. Changes to package sample.web.secure.custom:  

1. Changes to package sample.web.secure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package sample.web.staticcontent:  

1. Changes to package sample.web.ui:  

