BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.editorconfig, maven-wrapper.properties, pom.xml, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.audit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.context.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.condition:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract endpoint condition. It allows to:

	Get endpoint attributes;
	Get endpoint type;

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.jmx:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.env:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.flyway:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.health:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.info:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integration:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integrationtest:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jolokia:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.liquibase:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.management:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.dynatrace:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.scheduling:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.session:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.trace.http:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.web.jersey:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.web.trace:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.logging:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.cassandra:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.artemis:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.builder:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cloud:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties:  

2.1. Add a class for configuration properties bean definition. It allows to:

	Process configuration properties bean definition configuration properties bean definition from;
	Create bean;
	Get annotation

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind.validation:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.diagnostics.analyzer:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.docs.cloudfoundry:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.docs.web.security:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.docs:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.plugin:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.testkit:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.logback:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.security:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.context:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.context:  

3. Changes to package sample.actuator.customsecurity:  

