BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.web.trace.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationsample.fieldvalues:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.config:  

1.1. Add a class for test property source loader 1. It allows to:

	Get file extensions;
	Get load

1.2. Add a class for test property source loader 2. It allows to:

	Get file extensions;
	Get load

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.logging:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.convert:  

2.1. Add a class for mock data size type descriptor. It allows to:

	Instantiate mock data size type descriptor;
	Get data unit

2.2. Add a class for string to data size converter. It allows to:

	Get convertible types;
	Convert source type descriptor;
	Get data unit;
	Convert data unit

2.3. Add a class for string to data size converter tests. It allows to:

	Instantiate string to data size converter tests  with conversion service;
	Convert when simple bytes should return data size;
	Convert when simple kilobytes should return data size;
	Convert when simple megabytes should return data size;
	Convert when simple gigabytes should return data size;
	Convert when simple terabytes should return data size;
	Convert when simple  without suffix should return data size;
	Convert when simple  without suffix but with annotation should return data size;
	Convert when bad format should throw exception;
	Convert when empty should return null;
	Convert string to data size converter tests;
	Convert data unit;
	Get conversion services

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.classloader:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.diagnostics.analyzer:  

3.1. Add a class for no such method failure analyzer. It allows to:

	Analyze root failure throwable;
	Extract class name;
	Find candidates;
	Get actual;
	Get description

3.2. Add a class for no such method failure analyzer tests. It allows to:

	Handle no such method error is analyzed;
	Create failure

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.docs.context.properties.bind:  

4.1. Add a class for app io properties. It allows to:

	Get buffer size;
	Set buffer size;
	Get size threshold;
	Set size threshold

5. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.json:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.task:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.netty:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

5. Changes to package sample.kafka:  

5. Changes to package sample.oauth2.client:  

