BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle-suppressions.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

1.1. Add a class for constructor parameter property descriptor tests. It allows to:

	Handle constructor parameter simple property;
	Handle constructor parameter nested property same class;
	Handle constructor parameter nested property with annotation;
	Handle constructor parameter simple property with no accessor should be exposed;
	Handle constructor parameter metadata simple property;
	Handle constructor parameter metadata nested group;
	Handle constructor parameter deprecated property on getter;
	Handle constructor parameter property with description;
	Handle constructor parameter property with default value;
	Handle constructor parameter property with primitive types;
	Handle constructor parameter property with primitive types and default values;
	Handle constructor parameter property with primitive wrapper types and default values;
	Handle constructor parameter property with collection types and default values;
	Create property descriptor;
	Get constructor parameter

1.2. Add a class for immutable properties metadata generation tests. It allows to:

	Handle immutable simple properties

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.test:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationsample.immutable:  

2.1. Add a class for immutable collection properties. It allows to:

	Instantiate immutable collection properties  with names list, flags list, durations list and durations list

2.2. Add a class for immutable primitive properties. It allows to:

	Instantiate immutable primitive properties

2.3. Add a class for immutable primitive with defaults properties. It allows to:

	Instantiate immutable primitive with defaults properties

2.4. Add a class for immutable primitive wrapper with defaults properties. It allows to:

	Instantiate immutable primitive wrapper with defaults properties  with flag boolean, octet byte, letter character, number short, counter integer, percentage float, ratio double and ratio double

2.5. Add a class for immutable simple properties. It allows to:

	Instantiate immutable simple properties  with comparator;
	Get the name;
	Check if immutable simple properties is flag;
	Get comparator

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationsample.specific:  

3.1. Add a class for invalid default value character properties. It allows to:

	Instantiate invalid default value character properties;
	Get letter

3.2. Add a class for invalid default value floating point properties. It allows to:

	Instantiate invalid default value floating point properties  with ratio double;
	Get ratio

3.3. Add a class for invalid default value number properties. It allows to:

	Instantiate invalid default value number properties;
	Get invalid default value number properties counter

3.4. Add a class for two constructors example. It allows to:

	Instantiate two constructors example;
	Get name;
	Set name

