BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.wavefront:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.web.trace.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.options:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.classloader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.dsl:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.buildinfo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.bundling:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.maven:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.origin:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.assertj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.runner:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.netty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.error:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.server:  

