BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integrationtest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.cassandra:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.builder:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.options:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.shell:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.grape:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jta.atomikos:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.maven:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.mock.mockito:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.context:  

1. Changes to package sample.jooq:  

