BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integrationtest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.management:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.datadog:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.influx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.statsd:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.gson:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationmetadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.data:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.security.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.server:  

