BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, test-hazelcast.xml, hazelcast-client-specific.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web.jersey:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integrationtest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.statsd:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.reactive.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.web.trace.servlet:  

1.1. Add a class for traceable http servlet request tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Get uri  without query string should return uri;
	Get uri should return uri  with query string;
	Get uri  with special characters in query string should encode;
	Get uri  with special characters encoded should not double encode;
	Validate traceable http servlet request tests

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.couchbase:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.kafka:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.liquibase:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mail:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet.error:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.builder:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.maven:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet.mockmvc:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.netty:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

