BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (application.properties, pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.example:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.groovy.template:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.install:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.autoconfigure:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tests:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract application launcher. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract application launcher  with directories;
	Copy application  to location file;
	Get dependency jar paths;
	Get directories

1.2. Add an object creator class for directories. It allows to:

	Instantiate directories  with build output, temporary folder and temporary folder;
	Get test classes directory;
	Get remote app directory;
	Get dependencies directory;
	Get app directory

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.restdocs:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport:  

2.1. Add a class for build output. It allows to:

	Instantiate build output  with test class;
	Get test classes location;
	Get test resources location;
	Get root location;
	Get path

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.context:  

3. Changes to package sample.integration:  

3.1. Add a class for sample application runner. It allows to:

	Instantiate sample application runner  with sample message gateway;
	Run args application arguments

4. Changes to package sample.integration.consumer:  

4. Changes to package sample.integration.producer:  

4. Changes to package sample.parent:  

4. Changes to package sample.parent.consumer:  

4. Changes to package sample.parent.producer:  

