BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, invoker.properties, site.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web.jersey:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integrationtest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.amqp:  

1.1. Add a class for rabbit connection factory metrics post processor. It allows to:

	Instantiate rabbit connection factory metrics post processor  with application context;
	Post process  after initialization;
	Convert bind connection factory;
	Get connection factory name;
	Get meter registry;
	Get order

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.test:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.reactive.server:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.couchbase:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.kafka:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.liquibase:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.maven:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet.mockmvc:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

