BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.simple:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoke:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoke.reflect:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.reactive.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.web.mappings:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.web.mappings.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition.config.second:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.gson:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.artemis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigureprocessor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.data:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.origin:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.data.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.data.neo4j:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

