BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.example:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.batch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.activemq:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.artemis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.session:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.reactive.function.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.autoconfigure:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.grape:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationsample.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.docs:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.buildinfo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.bundling:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.groovy:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jackson:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.archive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.restdocs:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.filter:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.testcomponents:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.rest:  

