BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.audit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.wavefront:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.solr:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.web.trace.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.flyway:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.activemq:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.template:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.embedded:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet.error:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.builder:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.app:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.core:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.options:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.dependencies:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.grape:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cloud:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationmetadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.fieldvalues.javac:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind.handler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.remote.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.classloader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.diagnostics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.dsl:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.buildinfo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.bundling:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.info:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jackson:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jdbc.metadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jta.atomikos:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.java:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.log4j2:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.logback:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.maven:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.origin:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.system:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.assertj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.runner:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.mock.mockito:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.util:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.netty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.error:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.result.view:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.server:  

