BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, eclipse-code-formatter.xml, pom.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.domain:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.mongo:  

1. Changes to package sample.data.solr:  

1.1. Add a class for product. It allows to:

	Instantiate product;
	Get id;
	Set id;
	Get name;
	Set name;
	Get price;
	Get set price;
	Get category;
	Set category;
	Get location;
	Set location;
	Convert product to string

1.2. Add an interface declaration  for product repository. It allows to:

	Find product repository by name starting with

1.3. Add a class for sample solr application. It allows to:

	Run sample solr application;
	Handle main

1.4. Add a class for sample solr application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test default settings;
	Handle server not running

2. Changes to package sample.flyway:  

2.1. Add a class for sample flyway application. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Get runner;
	Run

2.2. Add a class for sample flyway application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test default settings

3. Changes to package sample.freemarker:  

3.1. Add a class for sample web free marker application. It allows to:

	Handle main

3.2. Add a class for sample web free marker application tests. It allows to:

	Test free marker template;
	Test free marker error template

3.3. Add a class for welcome controller. It allows to:

	Welcome model map

4. Changes to package sample.liquibase:  

4.1. Add a class for sample liquibase application. It allows to:

	Handle main

4.2. Add a class for sample liquibase application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test default settings;
	Handle server not running

5. Changes to package sample.simple:  

