BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, maven-wrapper.properties, .settings-template.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package sample.activemq:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

1.1. Add a class for example info contributor. It allows to:

	Contribute info builder

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.log4j2:  

2.1. Add a class for sample actuator log 4 J 2 application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test logger;
	Validate loggers endpoint;
	Get basic auth

3. Changes to package sample.actuator.noweb:  

3. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

3. Changes to package sample.ant:  

3. Changes to package sample.aop:  

3. Changes to package sample.atomikos:  

3. Changes to package sample.batch:  

3. Changes to package sample.bitronix:  

3. Changes to package sample.cache:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.couchbase:  

3.1. Add a class for sample couchbase application. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Run sample couchbase application;
	Save user

3.2. Add a class for sample couchbase application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test default settings;
	Handle server not running

3.3. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Get id;
	Set id;
	Get user first name;
	Set first name;
	Get last name;
	Get set last name;
	Convert user to string

3.4. Add an interface declaration  for user repository

4. Changes to package sample.data.elasticsearch:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.jpa:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.domain:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.service:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.web:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.mongo:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.neo4j:  

4.1. Add a class for customer. It allows to:

	Instantiate customer;
	Convert customer to string

4.2. Add an interface declaration  for customer repository. It allows to:

	Find customer repository by first name;
	Find customer repository by last name

4.3. Add a class for sample neo 4 j application. It allows to:

	Run sample neo 4 j application;
	Handle main

4.4. Add a class for sample neo 4 j application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test default settings;
	Handle neo 4 j server running

5. Changes to package sample.data.redis:  

5. Changes to package sample.data.rest:  

5. Changes to package sample.data.rest.service:  

5. Changes to package sample.data.solr:  

5. Changes to package sample.devtools:  

5. Changes to package sample.flyway:  

5. Changes to package sample.freemarker:  

5. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates:  

5. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates.mvc:  

5. Changes to package sample.hateoas:  

5. Changes to package sample.hateoas.web:  

5. Changes to package sample.integration:  

5. Changes to package sample.integration.consumer:  

5. Changes to package sample.jersey:  

5. Changes to package sample.jetty:  

5. Changes to package sample.jetty.jsp:  

5.1. Add a class for my exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate my exception

5.2. Add a class for my rest response. It allows to:

	Instantiate my rest response;
	Get message

5.3. Add a class for sample jetty jsp application. It allows to:

	Configure spring application builder;
	Handle main

5.4. Add a class for sample web jsp application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test jsp with el

5.5. Add a class for welcome controller. It allows to:

	Welcome model map;
	Fail welcome controller;
	Handle my runtime exception

6. Changes to package sample.jetty.ssl:  

6. Changes to package sample.jetty.ssl.web:  

6. Changes to package sample.jetty.web:  

6. Changes to package sample.jndi:  

6. Changes to package sample.jooq:  

6. Changes to package sample.jpa:  

6. Changes to package sample.jpa.repository:  

6. Changes to package sample.jpa.web:  

6. Changes to package sample.jsp:  

6. Changes to package sample.liquibase:  

6. Changes to package sample.logback:  

6. Changes to package sample.mustache:  

6. Changes to package sample.profile:  

6. Changes to package sample.propertyvalidation:  

6. Changes to package sample.secure:  

6. Changes to package sample.security.method:  

6. Changes to package sample.servlet:  

6. Changes to package sample.simple:  

6. Changes to package sample.test:  

6.1. Add a class for sample test application. It allows to:

	Handle main

6.2. Add a class for sample test application web integration tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle test

6.3. Add a class for welcome command line runner. It allows to:

	Run welcome command line runner

7. Changes to package sample.test.domain:  

7.1. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Instantiate user;
	Instantiate user  with vin vehicle identification number;
	Get id;
	Get username;
	Get vin

7.2. Add a class for user entity tests. It allows to:

	Create when username is null should throw exception;
	Create when username is empty should throw exception;
	Create when vin is null should throw exception;
	Save should persist data

7.3. Add an interface declaration  for user repository. It allows to:

	Find user repository by username

7.4. Add a class for user repository tests. It allows to:

	Find user repository tests by username should return user;
	Find user repository tests by username when no user should return null

7.5. Add a class for vehicle identification number. It allows to:

	Instantiate vehicle identification number;
	Check if vehicle identification number equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert vehicle identification number to string

7.6. Add a class for vehicle identification number attribute converter. It allows to:

	Convert attribute vehicle identification number to database column;
	Convert vehicle identification number attribute converter to entity attribute

7.7. Add a class for vehicle identification number tests. It allows to:

	Create when vin is null should throw exception;
	Create when vin is more  than 17 chars should throw exception;
	Create when vin is less  than 17 chars should throw exception;
	Convert vehicle identification number tests to string should return vin;
	Check if vehicle identification number tests equals and hash code should be based on vin

8. Changes to package sample.test.service:  

8.1. Add a class for remote vehicle details service. It allows to:

	Instantiate remote vehicle details service  with service properties, rest template builder and rest template builder;
	Get vehicle details

8.2. Add a class for remote vehicle details service tests. It allows to:

	Get vehicle details when vin is null should throw exception;
	Get vehicle details when result is success should return details;
	Get vehicle details when result is  not found should throw exception;
	Get vehicle details when result I server error should throw exception;
	Get class path resource

8.3. Add a class for service properties. It allows to:

	Get vehicle service root url;
	Set vehicle service root url

8.4. Add a class for vehicle details. It allows to:

	Instantiate vehicle details;
	Make vehicle details;
	Get model;
	Check if vehicle details equals;
	Hash code

8.5. Add a class for vehicle details json tests. It allows to:

	Serialize json;
	Handle deserialize json

8.6. Add an interface declaration  for vehicle details service. It allows to:

	Get vehicle details

8.7. Add a class for vehicle identification number not found exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate vehicle identification number not found exception  with vin vehicle identification number;
	Instantiate vehicle identification number not found exception  with vin vehicle identification number, cause throwable and cause throwable;
	Get vehicle identification number

9. Changes to package sample.test.web:  

9.1. Add a class for user name not found exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate user name not found exception;
	Get username

9.2. Add a class for user vehicle controller. It allows to:

	Instantiate user vehicle controller  with user vehicle service;
	Get vehicle details text;
	Get vehicle details json;
	Get vehicle details html;
	Handle vin  not found

9.3. Add a class for user vehicle controller application tests. It allows to:

	Get vehicle when requesting text should return make and model;
	Handle welcome command line runner should be available

9.4. Add a class for user vehicle controller html unit tests. It allows to:

	Get vehicle when requesting text should return make and model

9.5. Add a class for user vehicle controller selenium tests. It allows to:

	Get vehicle when requesting text should return make and model

9.6. Add a class for user vehicle controller tests. It allows to:

	Get vehicle when requesting text should return make and model;
	Get vehicle when requesting json should return make and model;
	Get vehicle when requesting html should return make and model;
	Get vehicle when user  not found should return not found;
	Get vehicle when vin  not found should return not found;
	Handle welcome command line runner should be available

9.7. Add a class for user vehicle service. It allows to:

	Instantiate user vehicle service  with user repository, vehicle details service and vehicle details service;
	Get vehicle details

9.8. Add a class for user vehicle service tests. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Get vehicle details when username is null should throw exception;
	Get vehicle details when username  not found should throw exception;
	Get vehicle details should return make and model

10. Changes to package sample.testng:  

10. Changes to package sample.testng.web:  

10. Changes to package sample.tomcat:  

10. Changes to package sample.tomcat.jsp:  

10. Changes to package sample.tomcat.multiconnector.web:  

10. Changes to package sample.tomcat.ssl:  

10.1. Add a class for sample tomcat ssl application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test ssl;
	Handle test home

11. Changes to package sample.tomcat.ssl.web:  

11. Changes to package sample.tomcat.web:  

11. Changes to package sample.traditional:  

11. Changes to package sample.undertow:  

11. Changes to package sample.undertow.ssl:  

11. Changes to package sample.undertow.ssl.web:  

11. Changes to package sample.undertow.web:  

11. Changes to package sample.war:  

11. Changes to package sample.web.secure:  

11. Changes to package sample.web.secure.custom:  

11.1. Add a class for sample web secure custom application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test home;
	Handle test login page;
	Handle test login;
	Get headers;
	Handle test css

12. Changes to package sample.web.staticcontent:  

12.1. Add a class for sample web static application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test home;
	Handle test css

13. Changes to package sample.web.ui:  

13.1. Add a class for sample web ui application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test home;
	Handle test create;
	Handle test css

14. Changes to package sample.web.ui.mvc:  

14. Changes to package sample.webservices:  

14.1. Add a class for sample web services application. It allows to:

	Handle main

14.2. Add a class for sample ws application tests. It allows to:

	Set sample ws application tests;
	Handle test sending holiday request

14.3. Add a class for web service config. It allows to:

	Get default wsdl 11 definition

15. Changes to package sample.webservices.endpoint:  

15.1. Add a class for holiday endpoint. It allows to:

	Instantiate holiday endpoint  with human resource service;
	Handle holiday request

16. Changes to package sample.webservices.service:  

16.1. Add an interface declaration  for human resource service. It allows to:

	Handle book holiday

16.2. Add a class for stub human resource service. It allows to:

	Handle book holiday

17. Changes to package sample.xml:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.client:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.echo:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.snake:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.client:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.echo:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.snake:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.client:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.echo:  

17. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.snake:  

