BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (maven-wrapper.properties, .settings-template.xml, pom.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.test:  

1.1. Add a class for sample application. It allows to:

	Handle main

2. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.log4j2:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.noweb:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.cassandra:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.couchbase:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.service:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.ldap:  

2.1. Add a class for person. It allows to:

	Convert person to string

2.2. Add an interface declaration  for person repository. It allows to:

	Find person repository by phone

2.3. Add a class for sample ldap application. It allows to:

	Instantiate sample ldap application  with person repository;
	Run sample ldap application;
	Handle main

2.4. Add a class for sample ldap application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test default settings

3. Changes to package sample.data.mongo:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.neo4j:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.rest.service:  

3. Changes to package sample.flyway:  

3. Changes to package sample.freemarker:  

3. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates:  

3. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates.mvc:  

3. Changes to package sample.hateoas.domain:  

3. Changes to package sample.hateoas.web:  

3. Changes to package sample.integration:  

3.1. Add an interface declaration  for sample message gateway. It allows to:

	Echo sample message gateway

4. Changes to package sample.integration.consumer:  

4. Changes to package sample.jersey:  

4. Changes to package sample.jetty:  

4. Changes to package sample.jetty.jsp:  

4. Changes to package sample.jetty.ssl:  

4. Changes to package sample.jndi:  

4. Changes to package sample.jooq.domain:  

4. Changes to package sample.jsp:  

4. Changes to package sample.layout:  

4.1. Add a class for sample layout. It allows to:

	Instantiate sample layout;
	Write loaded classes

4.2. Add a class for sample layout factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate sample layout factory;
	Set name;
	Get name;
	Get layout

4.3. Add a class for verify. It allows to:

	Instantiate verify;
	Verify file

5. Changes to package sample.mustache:  

5. Changes to package sample.parent:  

5. Changes to package sample.parent.consumer:  

5. Changes to package sample.security.method:  

5. Changes to package sample.servlet:  

5. Changes to package sample.simple:  

5.1. Add a class for sample configuration properties. It allows to:

	Get name;
	Set name

6. Changes to package sample.test:  

6. Changes to package sample.test.web:  

6. Changes to package sample.tomcat:  

6. Changes to package sample.tomcat.jsp:  

6. Changes to package sample.tomcat.multiconnector:  

6. Changes to package sample.undertow:  

6. Changes to package sample.war:  

6. Changes to package sample.web.secure:  

6. Changes to package sample.web.secure.custom:  

6. Changes to package sample.web.secure.jdbc:  

6. Changes to package sample.web.staticcontent:  

6. Changes to package sample.web.ui:  

6. Changes to package sample.webflux:  

6.1. Add a class for sample web flux application. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Get mono router function

6.2. Add a class for sample web flux application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test welcome;
	Handle test echo;
	Handle test actuator status

6.3. Add a class for welcome controller. It allows to:

	Welcome welcome controller

7. Changes to package sample.webservices:  

7. Changes to package sample.webservices.service:  

7. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty:  

7. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.snake:  

7. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat:  

7. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.snake:  

7. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow:  

7. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.snake:  

