BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is an object creation modifier commit: this change set is composed of factory, constructor, copy constructor and destructor methods, and these methods allow the creation of objects. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, test-hazelcast.xml, hazelcast-client-specific.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cassandra:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web.jersey:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integrationtest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.statsd:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.couchbase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.reactive.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.couchbase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.rest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.h2:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jackson:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.activemq:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.artemis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.kafka:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.liquibase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.servlet:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for mvc request matcher provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate mvc request matcher provider  with handler mapping introspector;
	Get request matcher

1.2. Add an interface declaration  for request matcher provider. It allows to:

	Get request matcher

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.solr:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.embedded:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.reactive.error:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet.error:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.builder:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cloud:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.json:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.metadata:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationsample.fieldvalues:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.logging:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.convert:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.env:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.bundling:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.json:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.logback:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.maven:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet.mockmvc:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.example:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.example.scan:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.example.scan.sub:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.jetty:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.netty:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.tomcat:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package sample:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.customsecurity:  

2. Changes to package sample.jooq.util:  

2. Changes to package sample.kafka:  

2. Changes to package sample.oauth2.client:  

2. Changes to package sample.secure.webflux:  

