BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, test-hazelcast.xml, hazelcast-specific.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package sample.activemq:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

1.1. Add a class for example info contributor. It allows to:

	Contribute info builder

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.log4j2:  

2.1. Add a class for sample actuator log 4 J 2 application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test logger;
	Validate loggers endpoint;
	Get basic auth

3. Changes to package sample.actuator.noweb:  

3. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

3. Changes to package sample.ant:  

3. Changes to package sample.aop:  

3. Changes to package sample.atomikos:  

3. Changes to package sample.batch:  

3. Changes to package sample.bitronix:  

3. Changes to package sample.cache:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.couchbase:  

3.1. Add a class for sample couchbase application. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Run sample couchbase application;
	Save user

3.2. Add a class for sample couchbase application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test default settings;
	Handle server not running

3.3. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Get id;
	Set id;
	Get user first name;
	Set first name;
	Get last name;
	Get set last name;
	Convert user to string

3.4. Add an interface declaration  for user repository

4. Changes to package sample.data.elasticsearch:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.jpa:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.domain:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.service:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.mongo:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.redis:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.rest.service:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.solr:  

4. Changes to package sample.flyway:  

4. Changes to package sample.freemarker:  

4. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates:  

4. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates.mvc:  

4. Changes to package sample.hateoas:  

4. Changes to package sample.hateoas.web:  

4. Changes to package sample.integration.consumer:  

4. Changes to package sample.jersey:  

4. Changes to package sample.jetty:  

4. Changes to package sample.jetty.ssl:  

4. Changes to package sample.jndi:  

4. Changes to package sample.jooq:  

4. Changes to package sample.jpa.repository:  

4. Changes to package sample.jsp:  

4. Changes to package sample.liquibase:  

4. Changes to package sample.mustache:  

4. Changes to package sample.profile:  

4. Changes to package sample.propertyvalidation:  

4. Changes to package sample.secure:  

4. Changes to package sample.security.method:  

4. Changes to package sample.servlet:  

4. Changes to package sample.simple:  

4. Changes to package sample.testng:  

4. Changes to package sample.tomcat:  

4. Changes to package sample.tomcat.jsp:  

4. Changes to package sample.tomcat.ssl:  

4.1. Add a class for sample tomcat ssl application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test ssl;
	Handle test home

5. Changes to package sample.traditional:  

5. Changes to package sample.undertow:  

5. Changes to package sample.undertow.ssl:  

5. Changes to package sample.web.secure:  

5. Changes to package sample.web.secure.custom:  

5.1. Add a class for sample web secure custom application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test home;
	Handle test login page;
	Handle test login;
	Get headers;
	Handle test css

6. Changes to package sample.web.staticcontent:  

6.1. Add a class for sample web static application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test home;
	Handle test css

7. Changes to package sample.web.ui:  

7.1. Add a class for sample web ui application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test home;
	Handle test create;
	Handle test css

8. Changes to package sample.web.ui.mvc:  

8. Changes to package sample.xml:  

8. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.client:  

8. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.echo:  

8. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.snake:  

8. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.client:  

8. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.echo:  

8. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.snake:  

8. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.client:  

8. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.echo:  

8. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.snake:  

