BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, .settings-template.xml, .travis.yml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator.log4j2:  

1.1. Add a class for sample actuator log 4 J 2 application. It allows to:

	Handle main

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

2. Changes to package sample.amqp:  

2. Changes to package sample.aop:  

2. Changes to package sample.atomikos:  

2.1. Add a class for account. It allows to:

	Instantiate account;
	Get username

2.2. Add an interface declaration  for account repository

2.3. Add a class for account service. It allows to:

	Instantiate account service  with jms template, account repository and account repository;
	Create account and notify

2.4. Add a class for messages. It allows to:

	Process messages messages on message

2.5. Add a class for sample atomikos application. It allows to:

	Handle main

2.6. Add a class for sample atomikos application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test transaction rollback;
	Get substring;
	Handle matches

3. Changes to package sample.batch:  

3. Changes to package sample.bitronix:  

3.1. Add a class for account. It allows to:

	Instantiate account;
	Get username

3.2. Add an interface declaration  for account repository

3.3. Add a class for account service. It allows to:

	Instantiate account service  with jms template, account repository and account repository;
	Create account and notify

3.4. Add a class for messages. It allows to:

	Process messages messages on message

3.5. Add a class for sample bitronix application. It allows to:

	Handle main

3.6. Add a class for sample bitronix application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test transaction rollback;
	Handle test exposes xa and non xa;
	Get substring;
	Handle matches

4. Changes to package sample.data.elasticsearch:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.jpa:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.web:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.mongo:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.redis:  

4. Changes to package sample.data.solr:  

4. Changes to package sample.flyway:  

4. Changes to package sample.freemarker:  

4. Changes to package sample.jersey:  

4.1. Add a class for endpoint. It allows to:

	Instantiate endpoint  with service;
	Get message

4.2. Add a class for jersey config. It allows to:

	Instantiate jersey config

4.3. Add a class for sample jersey application. It allows to:

	Handle main

4.4. Add a class for sample jersey application tests. It allows to:

	Handle context loads;
	Reverse sample jersey application tests;
	Handle validation;
	Handle actuator status

4.5. Add a class for service. It allows to:

	Get message

5. Changes to package sample.jetty:  

5.1. Add a class for example servlet context listener. It allows to:

	Handle context initialized;
	Handle context destroyed

6. Changes to package sample.jetty.web:  

6. Changes to package sample.jndi:  

6.1. Add a class for account. It allows to:

	Instantiate account;
	Get username

6.2. Add an interface declaration  for account repository

6.3. Add a class for account service. It allows to:

	Instantiate account service  with jms template, account repository and account repository;
	Create account and notify

6.4. Add a class for messages. It allows to:

	Process messages messages on message

6.5. Add a class for sample jndi application

6.6. Add a class for sample jndi initializer. It allows to:

	Configure spring application builder

6.7. Add a class for web controller. It allows to:

	Instantiate web controller  with account service, account repository and account repository;
	Hello web controller

7. Changes to package sample.jpa:  

7.1. Add a class for sample jpa application. It allows to:

	Handle main

7.2. Add a class for sample jpa application tests. It allows to:

	Set sample jpa application tests;
	Handle test home

8. Changes to package sample.jpa.domain:  

8.1. Add a class for note. It allows to:

	Get id;
	Set id;
	Get title;
	Set title;
	Get body;
	Set body;
	Get tags;
	Set tags

8.2. Add a class for tag. It allows to:

	Get id;
	Set id;
	Get name;
	Set name;
	Get notes;
	Get set notes

9. Changes to package sample.jpa.repository:  

9.1. Add a class for jpa note repository. It allows to:

	Find jpa note repository

9.2. Add a class for jpa note repository integration tests. It allows to:

	Check if jpa note repository integration tests finds all notes

9.3. Add a class for jpa tag repository. It allows to:

	Find jpa tag repository

9.4. Add a class for jpa tag repository integration tests. It allows to:

	Check if jpa tag repository integration tests finds all tags

9.5. Add an interface declaration  for note repository. It allows to:

	Find note repository

9.6. Add an interface declaration  for tag repository. It allows to:

	Find tag repository

10. Changes to package sample.jpa.web:  

10.1. Add a class for index controller. It allows to:

	Get index

11. Changes to package sample.jsp:  

11. Changes to package sample.liquibase:  

11. Changes to package sample.profile:  

11. Changes to package sample.simple:  

11. Changes to package sample.tomcat:  

11. Changes to package sample.traditional:  

11. Changes to package sample.undertow:  

11.1. Add a class for sample undertow application. It allows to:

	Handle main

11.2. Add a class for sample undertow application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test home;
	Handle test async;
	Handle test compression;
	Assert ok response

12. Changes to package sample.undertow.web:  

12.1. Add a class for sample controller. It allows to:

	Hello world;
	Hello world async

