BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.audit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoke.reflect:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoker.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.info:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.system:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.h2:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.session:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.template:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.webservices:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.init:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.run:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationmetadata:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.convert:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.autoconfigure:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.classpath:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.filewatch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.livereload:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.remote.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.remote.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.classloader:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tunnel.payload:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tunnel.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.archive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.data:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.logback:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.origin:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.system:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.task:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.data.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.data.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.data.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.jooq:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.override:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet.mockmvc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.mock.mockito:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web.htmlunit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.assertj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.runner.classpath:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.validation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.jetty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.netty:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.webservices.client:  

1. Changes to package sample.jooq.domain:  

1. Changes to package sample.propertyvalidation:  

1. Changes to package sample.test.domain:  

1. Changes to package sample.test.service:  

1. Changes to package sample.test.web:  

