BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, test-hazelcast.xml, log4j2-test.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.example:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.audit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.audit.listener:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cassandra:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.couchbase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web.jersey:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.flyway:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.influx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.info:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integrationtest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jms:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.management:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.datadog:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.influx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.newrelic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.signalfx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.statsd:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.wavefront:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.redis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.scheduling:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.solr:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.system:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.web.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.cassandra:  

1.1. Add a class for cassandra health indicator tests. It allows to:

	Create when cassandra operations is null should throw exception;
	Verify health status when exhausted;
	Verify health status  with version

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.couchbase:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.elasticsearch:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoke:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoke.reflect:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoker.cache:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.jmx:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.jmx.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web.annotation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.flyway:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.influx:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.info:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.logging:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.management:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.reactive.server:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.mongo:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.neo4j:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.redis:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.session:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.solr:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.system:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.trace.http.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.web.trace.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.admin:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.amqp:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.batch:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.cassandra:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.cassandra:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.couchbase:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.elasticsearch:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.mongo:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.redis:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.rest:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.elasticsearch.jest:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.flyway:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.freemarker:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.groovy.template:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.h2:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.hazelcast:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.http:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.influx:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jackson:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.activemq:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.artemis:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jmx:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jooq:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jsonb:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.kafka:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.liquibase:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mail:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mongo:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.orm.jpa.test:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.session:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.solr:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.template:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.thymeleaf:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.transaction.jta:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.embedded:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.reactive.error:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet.error:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.webservices:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigureprocessor:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.builder:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.init:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.install:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.run:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.grape:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cloud:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationmetadata:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.json:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.metadata:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationsample.fieldvalues:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationsample.lombok:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.embedded:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.logging:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind.validation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.convert:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.autoconfigure:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.classpath:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.env:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.filewatch:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.livereload:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.remote.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.remote.server:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.classloader:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.server:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.settings:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tests:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tunnel.payload:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tunnel.server:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.diagnostics.analyzer:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.env:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.docs:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.plugin:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.bundling:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.testkit:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.json:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.archive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.data:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.logback:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.maven:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.origin:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.system:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.data.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.data.mongo:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.jooq:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.properties:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.restdocs:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.reactive.webclient:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet.mockmvc:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.assertj:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.example:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.example.scan:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.example.scan.sub:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.filter:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.runner:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.json:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.mock.mockito:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.util:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web.htmlunit:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.assertj:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.context:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.runner.classpath:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.validation:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.jetty:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.netty:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.tomcat:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.filter:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.server:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.filter:  

2. Changes to package sample:  

2. Changes to package sample.activemq:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.log4j2:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.noweb:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

2. Changes to package sample.aop:  

2. Changes to package sample.atomikos:  

2. Changes to package sample.batch:  

2. Changes to package sample.bitronix:  

2. Changes to package sample.cache:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.cassandra:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.couchbase:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.elasticsearch:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.ldap:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.mongo:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.neo4j:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.redis:  

2. Changes to package sample.data.solr:  

2. Changes to package sample.devtools:  

2. Changes to package sample.flyway:  

2. Changes to package sample.freemarker:  

2. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates:  

2. Changes to package sample.hateoas:  

2. Changes to package sample.integration:  

2. Changes to package sample.integration.consumer:  

2. Changes to package sample.integration.producer:  

2. Changes to package sample.jersey:  

2. Changes to package sample.jetty:  

2. Changes to package sample.jetty.jsp:  

2. Changes to package sample.jetty.ssl:  

2. Changes to package sample.jooq:  

2. Changes to package sample.jooq.domain:  

2. Changes to package sample.jooq.util:  

2. Changes to package sample.jpa:  

2. Changes to package sample.jpa.repository:  

2. Changes to package sample.kafka:  

2. Changes to package sample.liquibase:  

2. Changes to package sample.logback:  

2. Changes to package sample.mustache:  

2. Changes to package sample.oauth2.client:  

2. Changes to package sample.parent:  

2. Changes to package sample.parent.consumer:  

2. Changes to package sample.parent.producer:  

2. Changes to package sample.profile:  

2. Changes to package sample.propertyvalidation:  

2. Changes to package sample.quartz:  

2. Changes to package sample.secure:  

2. Changes to package sample.secure.webflux:  

2. Changes to package sample.security.method:  

2. Changes to package sample.simple:  

2. Changes to package sample.simple.service:  

2. Changes to package sample.test:  

2. Changes to package sample.test.domain:  

2. Changes to package sample.test.service:  

2. Changes to package sample.test.web:  

2. Changes to package sample.tomcat:  

2. Changes to package sample.tomcat.jsp:  

2. Changes to package sample.tomcat.ssl:  

2. Changes to package sample.traditional:  

2. Changes to package sample.undertow:  

2. Changes to package sample.undertow.ssl:  

2. Changes to package sample.war:  

2. Changes to package sample.web.secure:  

2. Changes to package sample.web.secure.custom:  

2. Changes to package sample.web.secure.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package sample.web.staticcontent:  

2. Changes to package sample.web.ui:  

2. Changes to package sample.web.ui.mvc:  

2. Changes to package sample.webflux:  

2. Changes to package sample.webservices:  

2. Changes to package sample.webservices.service:  

2. Changes to package sample.xml:  

2. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.echo:  

2. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.snake:  

2. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.echo:  

2. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.snake:  

2. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.echo:  

2. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.snake:  

