BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, test-hazelcast.xml, hazelcast-client-specific.xml, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.audit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cassandra:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.couchbase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web.jersey:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.info:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.integrationtest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.datadog:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.influx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.newrelic:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.signalfx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.statsd:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.wavefront:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.tomcat:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.redis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.scheduling:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.system:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.couchbase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoke:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoke.reflect:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.invoker.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.jmx.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.flyway:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.info:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.reactive.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.session:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.system:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.admin:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.batch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.cassandra:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.cassandra:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.couchbase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.redis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.rest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.elasticsearch.jest:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.flyway:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.freemarker:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.h2:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.http:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.influx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jackson:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.activemq:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.artemis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jmx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jsonb:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.kafka:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.liquibase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.orm.jpa.test:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.servlet:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for jersey request matcher provider. It allows to:

	Instantiate jersey request matcher provider  with jersey application path;
	Get request matcher

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.session:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.solr:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.template:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.transaction.jta:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.embedded:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.reactive.error:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for jersey application path. It allows to:

	Get path;
	Get relative path;
	Get prefix;
	Get url mapping

2.2. Add a class for jersey application path tests. It allows to:

	Get relative path returns relative path;
	Get prefix when has simple path return path;
	Get prefix when has pattern removes pattern;
	Get prefix when path ends  with slash removes slash;
	Get url mapping when path is empty returns slash;
	Get url mapping when path is slash returns slash;
	Get url mapping when path contains star returns path;
	Get url mapping when has path  not ending slash returns slash star pattern;
	Get url mapping when has path does  not start with slash prepends slash;
	Get url mapping when has path ending  with slash returns slash star pattern

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet.error:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.webservices:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigureprocessor:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.builder:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.init:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.run:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.grape:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cloud:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationmetadata:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.json:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.metadata:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationsample.fieldvalues:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationsample.lombok:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.logging:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind.validation:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.convert:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.autoconfigure:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.classpath:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.env:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.filewatch:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.livereload:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.remote.client:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.remote.server:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.classloader:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.restart.server:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.settings:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tunnel.payload:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tunnel.server:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.diagnostics.analyzer:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.env:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.docs:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.plugin:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.bundling:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.testkit:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jdbc:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.json:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.archive:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.data:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.logback:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.maven:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.origin:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.system:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.data.ldap:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.data.mongo:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.jooq:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.orm.jpa:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.restdocs:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.client:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.reactive:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.reactive.webclient:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet.mockmvc:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.assertj:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.example:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.example.scan:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.example.scan.sub:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.json:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.mock.mockito:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web.client:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web.htmlunit:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.assertj:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.runner.classpath:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.validation:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.client:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.jetty:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.netty:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.tomcat:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.undertow:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.reactive.filter:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.server:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet.filter:  

3. Changes to package sample:  

3. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

3. Changes to package sample.cache:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.cassandra:  

3. Changes to package sample.integration.consumer:  

3. Changes to package sample.jooq.domain:  

3. Changes to package sample.jooq.util:  

3. Changes to package sample.kafka:  

3. Changes to package sample.oauth2.client:  

3. Changes to package sample.propertyvalidation:  

3. Changes to package sample.secure.webflux:  

3. Changes to package sample.security.method:  

3. Changes to package sample.simple:  

3. Changes to package sample.simple.service:  

3. Changes to package sample.test.domain:  

3. Changes to package sample.test.service:  

3. Changes to package sample.test.web:  

3. Changes to package sample.web.ui.mvc:  

3. Changes to package sample.webservices.service:  

3. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.echo:  

3. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.snake:  

3. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.echo:  

3. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.snake:  

3. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.echo:  

3. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.snake:  

