BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, application.properties, application-cors.properties, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

1. Changes to package sample.actuator.customsecurity:  

1.1. Add a class for cors sample actuator application tests. It allows to:

	Set cors sample actuator application tests;
	Handle endpoint should return unauthorized;
	Handle preflight request to endpoint should return ok;
	Handle preflight request when cors config invalid should return forbidden

1.2. Add a class for example controller. It allows to:

	Get home;
	Get foo

1.3. Add a class for sample actuator custom security application. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.4. Add a class for sample actuator custom security application tests. It allows to:

	Handle home is secure;
	Handle test insecure application path;
	Handle test insecure static resources;
	Handle actuator insecure endpoint;
	Handle actuator links is secure;
	Handle actuator secure endpoint with anonymous;
	Handle actuator secure endpoint with unauthorized user;
	Handle actuator secure endpoint with authorized user;
	Handle actuator custom mvc secure endpoint with anonymous;
	Handle actuator custom mvc secure endpoint with unauthorized user;
	Handle actuator custom mvc secure endpoint with authorized user;
	Handle actuator excluded from endpoint request matcher;
	Handle mvc matchers can be used to secure actuators;
	Rest template;
	Admin rest template;
	Get user rest template;
	Get beans rest template;
	Configure test rest template

1.5. Add a class for security configuration. It allows to:

	Process security configuration security configuration in memory user details manager;
	Configure http security

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.log4j2:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

2. Changes to package sample.secure:  

2. Changes to package sample.security.method:  

2. Changes to package sample.servlet:  

