BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 


 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.audit:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.export.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.annotation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.cache:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.transaction:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.builder:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.app:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.install:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.dependencies:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.compiler.grape:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tunnel.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.jar:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.origin:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.security.reactive:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.security.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.assertj:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.runner:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.json:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

