BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (codeStyleConfig.xml, pom.xml, log4j2-test.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.example:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.audit.listener:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.amqp:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.beans:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cassandra:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.cloudfoundry:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.condition:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.context:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.context.properties:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.couchbase:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web.documentation:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.endpoint.web.jersey:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.env:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.flyway:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.influx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.info:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.jms:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.mail:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.management:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.orm.jpa:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.metrics.web.client:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.mongo:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.neo4j:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.redis:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.solr:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.web.server:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.elasticsearch:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.web:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.health:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.influx:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.info:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.jdbc:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.ldap:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.logging:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.management:  

1. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.client:  

1.1. Add a class for rest template exchange tags tests. It allows to:

	Handle outcome tag is unknown when response is null;
	Handle outcome tag is informational when response is 1 xx;
	Convert outcome tag is success when response is;
	Handle outcome tag is redirection when response is 3 xx;
	Handle outcome tag is client error when response is 4 xx;
	Handle outcome tag is server error when response is 5 xx;
	Handle outcome tag is unknown when response throws IO exception;
	Handle outcome tag is unknown for custom response status

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.reactive.client:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.metrics.web.servlet:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.mongo:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.neo4j:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.redis:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.solr:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.actuate.web.trace.reactive:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.admin:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.batch:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.cache:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.cassandra:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.cassandra:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.elasticsearch:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.mongo:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.redis:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.elasticsearch.jest:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.freemarker:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.groovy.template:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.h2:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.hazelcast:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.http:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.influx:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jdbc:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jms.artemis:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jmx:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jooq:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.kafka:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.ldap:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mail:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mongo:  

2. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mongo.embedded:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for download config builder customizer. It allows to:

	Customize download config builder

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.mustache:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.client.servlet:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.resource.reactive:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.security.oauth2.resource.servlet:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.sendgrid:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.session:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.solr:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.task:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.thymeleaf:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.transaction.jta:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.embedded:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.reactive.error:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.servlet.error:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.webservices.client:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.builder:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.init:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.cli.command.install:  

3. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationdocs:  

3.1. Add a class for abstract configuration entry. It allows to:

	Get key;
	Write asciidoc;
	Check if abstract configuration entry equals;
	Hash code;
	Compare  to other abstract configuration entry

3.2. Add a class for compound key entry. It allows to:

	Instantiate compound key entry;
	Add configuration keys;
	Write asciidoc

3.3. Add a class for compound key entry tests. It allows to:

	Handle simple property

3.4. Add a class for configuration metadata document writer. It allows to:

	Write document;
	Create config tables;
	Get overrides

3.5. Add a class for configuration table. It allows to:

	Instantiate configuration table;
	Get id;
	Add entry;
	Convert configuration table to asciidoc table

3.6. Add a class for configuration table tests. It allows to:

	Handle simple table

3.7. Add a class for single key entry. It allows to:

	Instantiate single key entry  with configuration metadata property;
	Write asciidoc;
	Get process default value

3.8. Add a class for single key entry tests. It allows to:

	Handle simple property;
	No default value;
	Handle default value with pipes;
	Handle default value with backslash;
	Map property;
	Handle list property

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.configurationprocessor.metadata:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.embedded:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.logging:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.bind.validation:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.context.properties.source:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.autoconfigure:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.filewatch:  

4. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.devtools.tests:  

4.1. Add a class for abstract application launcher. It allows to:

	Instantiate abstract application launcher  with directories;
	Copy application  to location file;
	Get dependency jar paths;
	Get directories

4.2. Add an object creator class for directories. It allows to:

	Instantiate directories  with build output, temporary folder and temporary folder;
	Get test classes directory;
	Get remote app directory;
	Get dependencies directory;
	Get app directory

5. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.diagnostics.analyzer:  

5. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.docs.test.context:  

5.1. Add a class for application arguments example tests. It allows to:

	Handle application arguments populated

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.env:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.docs:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.plugin:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.tasks.bundling:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.gradle.testkit:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.jdbc:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.loader.tools:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.logging.logback:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.system:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.task:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.properties:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.restdocs:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet.mockmvc:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.assertj:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.filter:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.context.runner:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.json:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.mock.mockito:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.util:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.test.web:  

6. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport:  

6.1. Add a class for build output. It allows to:

	Instantiate build output  with test class;
	Get test classes location;
	Get test resources location;
	Get root location;
	Get path

7. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.context:  

7. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.testsupport.testcontainers:  

7.1. Add a class for elasticsearch container. It allows to:

	Instantiate elasticsearch container;
	Get mapped transport port;
	Apply base statement;
	Evaluate

8. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.context:  

8. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.embedded.jetty:  

8. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.server:  

8. Changes to package org.springframework.boot.web.servlet:  

8. Changes to package sample.activemq:  

8. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

8. Changes to package sample.actuator.log4j2:  

8. Changes to package sample.actuator.noweb:  

8. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

8. Changes to package sample.aop:  

8. Changes to package sample.atomikos:  

8. Changes to package sample.batch:  

8. Changes to package sample.bitronix:  

8. Changes to package sample.cache:  

8. Changes to package sample.data.couchbase:  

8. Changes to package sample.data.elasticsearch:  

8. Changes to package sample.data.ldap:  

8. Changes to package sample.data.mongo:  

8. Changes to package sample.data.neo4j:  

8. Changes to package sample.data.redis:  

8. Changes to package sample.data.solr:  

8. Changes to package sample.devtools:  

8. Changes to package sample.flyway:  

8. Changes to package sample.freemarker:  

8. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates:  

8. Changes to package sample.hateoas:  

8. Changes to package sample.integration:  

8.1. Add a class for sample application runner. It allows to:

	Instantiate sample application runner  with sample message gateway;
	Run args application arguments

9. Changes to package sample.integration.consumer:  

9. Changes to package sample.integration.producer:  

9. Changes to package sample.jersey:  

9. Changes to package sample.jetty:  

9. Changes to package sample.jetty.jsp:  

9. Changes to package sample.jetty.ssl:  

9. Changes to package sample.jooq:  

9. Changes to package sample.jpa:  

9. Changes to package sample.jpa.repository:  

9. Changes to package sample.kafka:  

9. Changes to package sample.liquibase:  

9. Changes to package sample.logback:  

9. Changes to package sample.mustache:  

9. Changes to package sample.parent:  

9. Changes to package sample.parent.consumer:  

9. Changes to package sample.parent.producer:  

9. Changes to package sample.profile:  

9. Changes to package sample.quartz:  

9. Changes to package sample.secure:  

9. Changes to package sample.simple:  

9. Changes to package sample.test:  

9. Changes to package sample.test.domain:  

9. Changes to package sample.test.service:  

9. Changes to package sample.test.web:  

9. Changes to package sample.tomcat:  

9. Changes to package sample.tomcat.jsp:  

9. Changes to package sample.tomcat.ssl:  

9. Changes to package sample.traditional:  

9. Changes to package sample.undertow:  

9. Changes to package sample.undertow.ssl:  

9. Changes to package sample.war:  

9. Changes to package sample.web.secure:  

9. Changes to package sample.web.secure.custom:  

9. Changes to package sample.web.secure.jdbc:  

9. Changes to package sample.web.staticcontent:  

9. Changes to package sample.web.ui:  

9. Changes to package sample.webflux:  

9. Changes to package sample.webservices:  

9. Changes to package sample.xml:  

9. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.snake:  

