BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, .settings-template.xml, pom.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package sample:  

1.1. Add a class for message controller. It allows to:

	Hello message controller

1.2. Add a class for sample junit jupiter application. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.3. Add a class for sample junit jupiter application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test message

2. Changes to package sample.actuator:  

2. Changes to package sample.actuator.customsecurity:  

2.1. Add a class for cors sample actuator application tests. It allows to:

	Set cors sample actuator application tests;
	Handle endpoint should return unauthorized;
	Handle preflight request to endpoint should return ok;
	Handle preflight request when cors config invalid should return forbidden

2.2. Add a class for example controller. It allows to:

	Get home;
	Get foo

2.3. Add a class for sample actuator custom security application. It allows to:

	Handle main

2.4. Add a class for sample actuator custom security application tests. It allows to:

	Handle home is secure;
	Handle test insecure application path;
	Handle test insecure static resources;
	Handle actuator insecure endpoint;
	Handle actuator links is secure;
	Handle actuator secure endpoint with anonymous;
	Handle actuator secure endpoint with unauthorized user;
	Handle actuator secure endpoint with authorized user;
	Handle actuator custom mvc secure endpoint with anonymous;
	Handle actuator custom mvc secure endpoint with unauthorized user;
	Handle actuator custom mvc secure endpoint with authorized user;
	Handle actuator excluded from endpoint request matcher;
	Handle mvc matchers can be used to secure actuators;
	Rest template;
	Admin rest template;
	Get user rest template;
	Get beans rest template;
	Configure test rest template

2.5. Add a class for security configuration. It allows to:

	Process security configuration security configuration in memory user details manager;
	Configure http security

3. Changes to package sample.actuator.log4j2:  

3. Changes to package sample.actuator.ui:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.cassandra:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.couchbase:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.elasticsearch:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.jpa:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.domain:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.jpa.service:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.neo4j:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.rest:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.rest.domain:  

3. Changes to package sample.data.rest.service:  

3. Changes to package sample.flyway:  

3. Changes to package sample.freemarker:  

3. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates:  

3. Changes to package sample.groovytemplates.mvc:  

3. Changes to package sample.hateoas.domain:  

3. Changes to package sample.hateoas.web:  

3. Changes to package sample.integration.consumer:  

3. Changes to package sample.jersey:  

3. Changes to package sample.jetty:  

3. Changes to package sample.jetty.jsp:  

3. Changes to package sample.jetty.ssl:  

3. Changes to package sample.jndi:  

3. Changes to package sample.jpa:  

3. Changes to package sample.jpa.domain:  

3. Changes to package sample.jpa.repository:  

3. Changes to package sample.jsp:  

3. Changes to package sample.layout:  

3. Changes to package sample.mustache:  

3. Changes to package sample.parent.consumer:  

3. Changes to package sample.propertyvalidation:  

3. Changes to package sample.quartz:  

3.1. Add a class for sample job. It allows to:

	Set name;
	Execute internal

3.2. Add a class for sample quartz application. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Get sample job detail;
	Get sample job trigger

4. Changes to package sample.secure:  

4. Changes to package sample.security.method:  

4. Changes to package sample.servlet:  

4. Changes to package sample.test.web:  

4. Changes to package sample.tomcat:  

4. Changes to package sample.tomcat.jsp:  

4. Changes to package sample.tomcat.multiconnector:  

4. Changes to package sample.traditional.config:  

4. Changes to package sample.undertow:  

4. Changes to package sample.war:  

4. Changes to package sample.web.secure:  

4. Changes to package sample.web.secure.custom:  

4. Changes to package sample.web.secure.jdbc:  

4. Changes to package sample.web.staticcontent:  

4. Changes to package sample.web.ui:  

4. Changes to package sample.webflux:  

4.1. Add a class for echo handler. It allows to:

	Echo server request

4.2. Add a class for sample web flux application. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Get mono router function

4.3. Add a class for sample web flux application tests. It allows to:

	Handle test welcome;
	Handle test echo;
	Handle test actuator status

4.4. Add a class for welcome controller. It allows to:

	Welcome welcome controller

5. Changes to package sample.webservices:  

5. Changes to package sample.xml:  

5. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty:  

5. Changes to package samples.websocket.jetty.snake:  

5. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat:  

5. Changes to package samples.websocket.tomcat.snake:  

5. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow:  

5. Changes to package samples.websocket.undertow.snake:  

