BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, checkstyle-suppressions.xml, checkstyle.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple.printers:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.model:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for axe. It allows to:

	Convert axe to string

1.3. Add a class for bow. It allows to:

	Convert bow to string

1.4. Add an interface declaration  for builder. It allows to:

	Add name weapon type

1.5. Add a class for spear. It allows to:

	Convert spear to string

1.6. Add a class for sword. It allows to:

	Convert sword to string

1.7. Add an interface declaration  for weapon

1.8. Add an interface declaration  for weapon factory. It allows to:

	Create name weapon type;
	Get factory

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

2.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

3.1. Add a class for factory kit test. It allows to:

	Handle init;
	Handle test spear weapon;
	Handle test axe weapon;
	Handle test weapon;
	Verify weapon

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.simple:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.action:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.selector:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

4. Changes to package domainapp.dom.app.homepage:  

4. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.modules.simple:  

4. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.scenarios:  

4. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

