BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for axe. It allows to:

	Convert axe to string

1.3. Add a class for bow. It allows to:

	Convert bow to string

1.4. Add an interface declaration  for builder. It allows to:

	Add name weapon type

1.5. Add a class for spear. It allows to:

	Convert spear to string

1.6. Add a class for sword. It allows to:

	Convert sword to string

1.7. Add an interface declaration  for weapon

1.8. Add an interface declaration  for weapon factory. It allows to:

	Create name weapon type;
	Get factory

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

2.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

3.1. Add a class for factory kit test. It allows to:

	Handle init;
	Handle test spear weapon;
	Handle test axe weapon;
	Handle test weapon;
	Verify weapon

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

4.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

4.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test main

4.3. Add a class for monad test. It allows to:

	Handle test for invalid name;
	Handle test for invalid age;
	Handle test for valid

4.4. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Instantiate user  with sex;
	Get name;
	Get age;
	Get sex;
	Email user

4.5. Add a class for validator. It allows to:

	Instantiate validator  with T;
	O T;
	Validate validation predicate;
	Validate projection function;
	Get validator

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

