BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.travis.yml, pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1.1. Add a class for fishing boat adapter. It allows to:

	Instantiate fishing boat adapter;
	Handle row

1.2. Rename type BattleShip with RowingBoat

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for enchantment. It allows to:

	Process enchantment enchantment on activate;
	Apply enchantment;
	Process enchantment enchantment on deactivate

2.2. Add a class for flying enchantment. It allows to:

	Process flying enchantment flying enchantment on activate;
	Apply flying enchantment;
	Process flying enchantment flying enchantment on deactivate

2.3. Add a class for hammer. It allows to:

	Instantiate hammer  with enchantment;
	Wield hammer;
	Swing hammer;
	Handle unwield;
	Get enchantment

2.4. Add a class for hammer test. It allows to:

	Handle test hammer

2.5. Add a class for soul eating enchantment. It allows to:

	Process soul eating enchantment soul eating enchantment on activate;
	Apply soul eating enchantment;
	Process soul eating enchantment soul eating enchantment on deactivate

2.6. Add a class for sword. It allows to:

	Instantiate sword  with enchantment;
	Wield sword;
	Swing sword;
	Handle unwield;
	Get enchantment

2.7. Add a class for sword test. It allows to:

	Handle test sword

2.8. Add an interface declaration  for weapon. It allows to:

	Wield weapon;
	Swing weapon;
	Handle unwield;
	Get enchantment

2.9. Add a class for weapon test. It allows to:

	Handle test basic weapon actions

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock.utils:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

