BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, checkstyle.xml, ports_and_adapters.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.aggregator.microservices:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.api.gateway:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.datamapper:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection.utils:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.asynchronous:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.user:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller.utils:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.guarded.suspension:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for guarded queue. It allows to:

	Instantiate guarded queue;
	Get guarded queue;
	Put integer

1.3. Add a class for guarded queue test. It allows to:

	Handle test get;
	Handle test put

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.administration:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.banking:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.database:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.domain:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.eventlog:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.service:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.image.microservice:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.information.microservice:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.inventory.microservice:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.objectmother:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.objectmother.test:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.utils:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.pageobject:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.price.microservice:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata.utils:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy.utils:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.queue.load.leveling:  

2.1. Rename type App with App

2.2. Rename type AppTest with AppTest

2.3. Rename type Message with Message

2.4. Rename type MessageQueue with MessageQueue

2.5. Rename type MessageQueueTest with MessageQueueTest

2.6. Rename type MessageTest with MessageTest

2.7. Rename type ServiceExecutor with ServiceExecutor

2.8. Rename type Task with Task

2.9. Rename type TaskGenSrvExeTest with TaskGenSrvExeTest

2.10. Rename type TaskGenerator with TaskGenerator

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock.utils:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

3. Changes to package domainapp.dom.app.homepage:  

3. Changes to package domainapp.dom.modules.simple:  

3. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.modules.simple:  

3. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.scenarios:  

3. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue:  

3. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue.modules.simple:  

3. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.tests:  

3. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.tests.modules.simple:  

