BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, checkstyle.xml, application.properties, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.converter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1.1. Add a class for custom exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate custom exception;
	Instantiate custom exception  with cause throwable

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.aggregator:  

2.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Configure

2.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test main

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.aggregator.routes:  

3.1. Add a class for aggregator route. It allows to:

	Configure aggregator route

3.2. Add a class for aggregator route test. It allows to:

	Handle test splitter

3.3. Add a class for message aggregation strategy. It allows to:

	Handle aggregate

3.4. Add a class for message aggregation strategy test. It allows to:

	Handle test aggregate;
	Handle test aggregate old null

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.splitter:  

4.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Configure

4.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test main

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.splitter.routes:  

5.1. Add a class for splitter route. It allows to:

	Configure splitter route

5.2. Add a class for splitter route test. It allows to:

	Handle test splitter

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.wiretap:  

6.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Configure

6.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test main

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.wiretap.routes:  

7.1. Add a class for wire tap route. It allows to:

	Configure wire tap route

7.2. Add a class for wire tap route test. It allows to:

	Handle test wire tap

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.partialresponse:  

8.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

8.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle main

8.3. Add a class for field json mapper. It allows to:

	Convert field json mapper to json;
	Get string

8.4. Add a class for field json mapper test. It allows to:

	Set field json mapper test;
	Should return json  for specified fields in video

8.5. Add a class for video. It allows to:

	Instantiate video  with id integer, length integer and length integer;
	Convert video to string

8.6. Add a class for video resource. It allows to:

	Instantiate video resource  with field json mapper, videos map and videos map;
	Get details

8.7. Add a class for video resource test. It allows to:

	Set video resource test;
	Should give video details  by id;
	Should give specified fields information  of video

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling.timer:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.unitofwork:  

9.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

9.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

9.3. Add an interface declaration  for i unit of work. It allows to:

	Register new;
	Modified entity;
	Deleted entity;
	Commit i unit of work

9.4. Add a class for student. It allows to:

	Instantiate student  with id integer;
	Get name;
	Get id;
	Get address

9.5. Add a class for student database. It allows to:

	Insert student;
	Modify student;
	Delete student

9.6. Add a class for student repository. It allows to:

	Instantiate student repository  with context map, student database and student database;
	Register new;
	Modified student;
	Deleted student;
	Register student;
	Commit student repository;
	Commit insert;
	Modify student repository;
	Delete student repository

9.7. Add a class for student repository test. It allows to:

	Set student repository test;
	Convert should save new student without writing;
	Convert should save deleted student without writing;
	Convert should save modified student without writing;
	Convert should save all local changes;
	Convert should not write;
	Handle should not insert to db if no registered students to be committed;
	Handle should not modify to db if not registered students to be committed;
	Handle should not delete from db if not registered students to be committed

