BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.acyclicvisitor:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.administration:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for console administration srv. It allows to:

	Get all submitted tickets;
	Perform lottery;
	Reset lottery

1.2. Add a class for console administration srv impl. It allows to:

	Instantiate console administration srv impl  with lottery administration, logger and logger;
	Get all submitted tickets;
	Perform lottery;
	Reset lottery

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.service:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for lottery console service. It allows to:

	Check ticket;
	Submit ticket;
	Add funds  to lottery account;
	Handle query lottery account funds

2.2. Add a class for lottery console service impl. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery console service impl  with logger;
	Check ticket;
	Submit ticket;
	Add funds  to lottery account;
	Handle query lottery account funds;
	Read string

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

3.1. Add an interface declaration  for iterator. It allows to:

	Check if iterator has next;
	Handle next

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator.bst:  

4.1. Add a class for bst iterator. It allows to:

	Instantiate bst iterator  with root tree node;
	Push path  to next smallest;
	Check if bst iterator has next;
	Handle next

4.2. Add a class for bst iterator test. It allows to:

	Create trees;
	Handle next for empty tree;
	Handle next over entire populated tree;
	Check if bst iterator test has next for empty tree;
	Check if bst iterator test has next for populated tree;
	Handle next and has next over entire populated tree

4.3. Add a class for tree node. It allows to:

	Instantiate tree node  with val;
	Get val;
	Left tree node;
	Set left;
	Get tree node right;
	Set right;
	Insert val to insert;
	Get parent node  of value to be inserted;
	Traverse one level  down value;
	Insert new child;
	Check if tree node is greater than;
	Check if tree node is less than or equal to;
	Convert tree node to string

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator.list:  

5.1. Rename type Item with Item

5.2. Add an object creator class for treasure chest. It allows to:

	Instantiate treasure chest;
	Get iterator;
	Get items

5.3. Add a class for treasure chest item iterator. It allows to:

	Instantiate treasure chest item iterator  with treasure chest, item type and item type;
	Check if treasure chest item iterator has next;
	Handle next;
	Find next idx

5.4. Add a class for treasure chest test. It allows to:

	Get data provider;
	Handle test iterator;
	Handle test get items

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.retry:  

