BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, checkstyle.xml, .gitignore, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.aggregator.microservices:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.api.gateway:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.balking:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.3. Add a class for washing machine. It allows to:

	Instantiate washing machine;
	Instantiate washing machine  with delay provider;
	Get washing machine state;
	Wash washing machine;
	Handle end of washing

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.converter:  

2.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

2.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test main

2.3. Add a class for converter. It allows to:

	Instantiate converter  with from dto function, from entity function and from entity function;
	Convert dto from dto;
	Convert entity from entity;
	Create dtos collection from dtos;
	Create entities collection from entities

2.4. Add a class for converter test. It allows to:

	Handle test conversions starting from domain;
	Handle test conversions starting from dto;
	Handle test custom converter;
	Handle test collection conversion

2.5. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Instantiate user;
	Get user first name;
	Get last name;
	Check if user is active;
	Get user id;
	Check if user equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert user to string

2.6. Add a class for user converter. It allows to:

	Instantiate user converter

2.7. Add a class for user dto. It allows to:

	Instantiate user dto;
	Get user dto first name;
	Get last name;
	Check if user dto is active;
	Email user dto;
	Check if user dto equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert user dto to string

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus:  

3.1. Add a class for abstract data type. It allows to:

	Get data bus;
	Get set data bus

3.2. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

3.3. Add a class for data bus. It allows to:

	Get instance;
	Subscribe member;
	Handle unsubscribe;
	Publish event data type

3.4. Add a class for data bus test. It allows to:

	Set data bus test;
	Get published event is received by subscribed member;
	Get published event is not received by member after unsubscribing

3.5. Add an interface declaration  for data type. It allows to:

	Get data bus;
	Get set data bus

3.6. Add an interface declaration  for member. It allows to:

	Accept event data type

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus.data:  

4.1. Add a class for message data. It allows to:

	Instantiate message data;
	Get message;
	O message data

4.2. Add a class for starting data. It allows to:

	Instantiate starting data  with when local date time;
	Get starting data;
	O when local date time

4.3. Add a class for stopping data. It allows to:

	Instantiate stopping data  with when local date time;
	Get stopping data;
	O when local date time

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus.members:  

5.1. Add a class for message collector member. It allows to:

	Instantiate message collector member;
	Accept data type;
	Handle event;
	Get messages

5.2. Add a class for message collector member test. It allows to:

	Collect message  from message data;
	Collect ignores message  from other data types

5.3. Add a class for status member. It allows to:

	Instantiate status member;
	Accept data type;
	Handle event;
	Started status member;
	Stopped status member

5.4. Add a class for status member test. It allows to:

	Handle status records the start time;
	Handle status records the stop time;
	Handle status ignores message data

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.datamapper:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection.utils:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.asynchronous:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.user:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller.utils:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.guarded.suspension:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.domain:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.image.microservice:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.information.microservice:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.inventory.microservice:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.objectmother:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.objectmother.test:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.utils:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.pageobject:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.price.microservice:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata.utils:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy.utils:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.queue.load.leveling:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock.utils:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tls:  

6.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Get print and count dates;
	Get print and count exceptions

6.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

6.3. Add a class for date format callable. It allows to:

	Instantiate date format callable;
	Handle initial value;
	Call date format callable

6.4. Add a class for date format callable test. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Convert dates  to string;
	Handle test date values;
	Handle test counter date values;
	Handle test counter exceptions

6.5. Add a class for date format callable test incorrect date format. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle test exceptions;
	Handle test counter date values;
	Handle test counter exceptions

6.6. Add a class for result. It allows to:

	Get date list;
	Get exception list

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

7. Changes to package domainapp.dom.app.homepage:  

7. Changes to package domainapp.dom.modules.simple:  

7. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.modules.simple:  

7. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.scenarios:  

7. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue:  

7. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue.modules.simple:  

7. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.tests:  

7. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.tests.modules.simple:  

