BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, .gitignore). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Use read and write  through strategy;
	Use read  through and write around strategy;
	Use read  through and write behind strategy;
	Use cache  aside stategy

1.2. Add a class for app manager. It allows to:

	Instantiate app manager;
	Init db;
	Handle init caching policy;
	Handle init cache capacity;
	Find app manager;
	Save user account;
	Print cache content;
	Save  aside user account;
	Find app manager aside

1.3. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

1.4. Add a class for cache store. It allows to:

	Instantiate cache store;
	Handle init capacity;
	Read cache store through;
	Write  through user account;
	Write user account;
	Read cache store through with write back policy;
	Write  behind user account;
	Handle clear cache;
	Handle flush cache;
	Get print;
	Get cache store;
	Set user account;
	Invalidate cache store

1.5. Add a class for db manager. It allows to:

	Instantiate db manager;
	Create virtual db;
	Connect db manager;
	Read db manager from db;
	Write user account to db;
	Update db;
	Handle upsert db

1.6. Add a class for user account. It allows to:

	Instantiate user account;
	Get user id;
	Set user id;
	Get user name;
	Set user name;
	Get additional info;
	Set additional info;
	Convert user account to string

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.action:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.selector:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.dom.app.homepage:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.dom.modules.simple:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.fixture:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.modules.simple:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.scenarios:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue.modules.simple:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specs:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

