BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.travis.yml, pom.xml, log4j.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.datamapper:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Instantiate app

1.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

1.3. Add a class for data mapper exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate data mapper exception

1.4. Add a class for data mapper test. It allows to:

	Handle test first data mapper

1.5. Add a class for student. It allows to:

	Instantiate student;
	Get student id;
	Set student id;
	Get name;
	Set name;
	Get grade;
	Set grade;
	Check if student equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert student to string

1.6. Add an interface declaration  for student data mapper. It allows to:

	Find student data mapper;
	Insert student;
	Update student;
	Delete student

1.7. Add a class for student data mapper impl. It allows to:

	Find student data mapper impl;
	Update student to be updated;
	Insert student to be inserted;
	Delete student to be deleted;
	Get students

1.8. Add a class for student test. It allows to:

	Handle test equality

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

