BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, logback.xml, log4j.properties, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractdocument:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.aggregator.microservices:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple.printers:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection.utils:  

1.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender  with clazz class;
	Append event;
	Get last message;
	Get log size

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.asynchronous:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller.utils:  

2.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Get last message;
	Get log size

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.administration:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.eventlog:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.service:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.utils:  

3.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender  with clazz class;
	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Get log size;
	Get last message

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata.utils:  

4.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Get log size;
	Get last message

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy.utils:  

5.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender  with clazz class;
	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Contains in memory appender;
	Get log size

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock.utils:  

6.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender  with clazz class;
	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Contains in memory appender

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

