BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

1.1. Add a class for cake baking exception test. It allows to:

	Handle test constructor;
	Handle test constructor with message

1.2. Add a class for cake baking service impl test. It allows to:

	Handle test layers;
	Handle test toppings;
	Handle test bake cakes;
	Handle test bake cake missing topping;
	Handle test bake cake missing layer;
	Handle test bake cakes used layer

1.3. Add a class for cake test. It allows to:

	Handle test set id;
	Handle test set topping;
	Handle test set layers;
	Handle test add layer;
	Convert test

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

2.1. Add a class for abstract holder test. It allows to:

	Get internal heavy value;
	Get heavy;
	Handle test get heavy

2.2. Add a class for holder naive test. It allows to:

	Get internal heavy value;
	Get heavy

2.3. Add a class for java 8 holder test. It allows to:

	Get internal heavy value;
	Get heavy

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

3.1. Add a class for party impl test. It allows to:

	Handle test party action

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

4.1. Add a class for star test. It allows to:

	Handle test time passes;
	Handle test set memento

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

5.1. Add a class for giant controller test. It allows to:

	Handle test set health;
	Handle test set fatigue;
	Handle test set nourishment;
	Handle test update view

5.2. Add a class for giant model test. It allows to:

	Handle test set health;
	Handle test set fatigue;
	Handle test set nourishment

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

6.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

6.2. Add a class for file loader test. It allows to:

	Handle test load data

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

7.1. Add a class for load balancer test. It allows to:

	Handle test same state amongst all instances;
	Handle test serve

