BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.travis.yml, pom.xml, log4j.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1.1. Add a class for customer schema sql. It allows to:

	Instantiate customer schema sql

1.2. Add a class for db customer dao. It allows to:

	Instantiate db customer dao  with data source;
	Get db customer dao;
	Try advance;
	Get connection;
	Handle muted close;
	Create customer;
	Get db customer dao by id;
	Add customer;
	Update customer;
	Delete customer

1.3. Add a class for in memory customer dao. It allows to:

	Get in memory customer dao;
	Get in memory customer dao by id;
	Add customer;
	Update customer;
	Delete customer

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

2.1. Add a class for abstract event. It allows to:

	Get type

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

3.1. Rename type Message with Event

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

4.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Use app of mute;
	Use app of logged mute;
	Close resource;
	Utilize resource;
	Acquire resource;
	Close

4.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

4.3. Add an interface declaration  for checked runnable. It allows to:

	Run checked runnable

4.4. Add a class for mute. It allows to:

	Instantiate mute;
	Mute checked runnable;
	Get logged mute

4.5. Add a class for mute test. It allows to:

	Mute should run the checked runnable and  not throw any exception if checked runnable does not throw any exception;
	Mute should rethrow unexpected exception  as assertion error;
	Get logged mute should run the checked runnable and not throw any exception if checked runnable does not throw any exception;
	Get logged mute should log exception trace before swallowing it;
	Handle method not throwing any exception;
	Handle method throwing exception

4.6. Add an interface declaration  for resource

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

