BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for service. It allows to:

	Get welcome message;
	Check if service is enhanced

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

3.1. Add a class for properties feature toggle version. It allows to:

	Instantiate properties feature toggle version  with properties;
	Get welcome message;
	Check if properties feature toggle version is enhanced

3.2. Add a class for properties feature toggle version test. It allows to:

	Handle test null properties passed;
	Handle test non boolean property;
	Handle test feature turned on;
	Handle test feature turned off

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

4.1. Add a class for tiered feature toggle version. It allows to:

	Get welcome message;
	Check if tiered feature toggle version is enhanced

4.2. Add a class for tiered feature toggle version test. It allows to:

	Set tiered feature toggle version test;
	Handle test get welcome message for paid user;
	Handle test get welcome message for free user;
	Handle test is enhanced always true as tiered

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.user:  

5.1. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Instantiate user;
	Convert user to string

5.2. Add a class for user group. It allows to:

	Add user  to free group;
	Add user  to paid group;
	Check if user group is paid

5.3. Add a class for user group test. It allows to:

	Convert test add user;
	Handle test add user to free when on paid

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

