BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract event. It allows to:

	Get type

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

2.1. Rename type Message with Event

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

3.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

3.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

3.3. Add a class for jar. It allows to:

	Instantiate jar  with lock;
	Take bean

3.4. Add an interface declaration  for lock. It allows to:

	Acquire lock;
	Handle release

3.5. Add a class for mutex. It allows to:

	Get owner;
	Acquire mutex;
	Handle release

3.6. Add a class for thief. It allows to:

	Instantiate thief  with jar;
	Run thief

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

4.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

4.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

4.3. Add a class for customer. It allows to:

	Instantiate customer  with fruit shop;
	Run customer

4.4. Add a class for fruit. It allows to:

	Instantiate fruit  with fruit type;
	Get type;
	Convert fruit to string

4.5. Add a class for fruit bowl. It allows to:

	Count fruit;
	Put fruit;
	Take fruit bowl;
	Convert fruit bowl to string

4.6. Add a class for fruit shop. It allows to:

	Instantiate fruit shop;
	Count fruit;
	Take bowl;
	Return bowl

4.7. Add an interface declaration  for lock. It allows to:

	Acquire lock;
	Handle release

4.8. Add a class for semaphore. It allows to:

	Instantiate semaphore;
	Get num licenses;
	Get available licenses;
	Acquire semaphore;
	Handle release

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

