BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, .travis.yml, pom.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1.1. Add a class for customer schema sql. It allows to:

	Instantiate customer schema sql

1.2. Add a class for db customer dao. It allows to:

	Instantiate db customer dao  with data source;
	Get db customer dao;
	Try advance;
	Get connection;
	Handle muted close;
	Create customer;
	Get db customer dao by id;
	Add customer;
	Update customer;
	Delete customer

1.3. Add a class for in memory customer dao. It allows to:

	Get in memory customer dao;
	Get in memory customer dao by id;
	Add customer;
	Update customer;
	Delete customer

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

2.1. Add a class for abstract event. It allows to:

	Get type

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

3.1. Rename type Message with Event

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal:  

4.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

4.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test app

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.banking:  

5.1. Add an interface declaration  for wire transfers. It allows to:

	Set funds;
	Get funds;
	Transfer funds

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.database:  

6.1. Add an interface declaration  for lottery ticket repository. It allows to:

	Find lottery ticket id by id;
	Save lottery ticket;
	Find lottery ticket repository;
	Delete lottery ticket repository

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.domain:  

7.1. Add a class for lottery constants. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery constants

7.2. Add a class for lottery numbers test. It allows to:

	Handle test given numbers;
	Handle test numbers cant be modified;
	Handle test random numbers;
	Handle test equals

7.3. Add a class for lottery ticket. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery ticket  with lottery ticket id, player details, lottery numbers and lottery numbers;
	Get player details;
	Get numbers;
	Get id;
	Set id;
	Convert lottery ticket to string;
	Hash code;
	Check if lottery ticket equals

7.4. Add a class for lottery ticket check result. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery ticket check result  with check result;
	Get result;
	Get prize amount;
	Hash code;
	Check if lottery ticket check result equals

7.5. Add a class for lottery ticket check result test. It allows to:

	Handle test equals

7.6. Add a class for lottery ticket id. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery ticket id;
	Get id;
	Convert lottery ticket id to string;
	Check if lottery ticket id equals;
	Hash code

7.7. Add a class for lottery ticket test. It allows to:

	Handle test equals

7.8. Add a class for player details. It allows to:

	Instantiate player details;
	Email player details;
	Get bank account;
	Get phone number;
	Convert player details to string;
	Hash code;
	Check if player details equals

7.9. Add a class for player details test. It allows to:

	Handle test equals

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.test:  

8.1. Add a class for lottery test utils. It allows to:

	Create lottery ticket;

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

9.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Use app of mute;
	Use app of logged mute;
	Close resource;
	Utilize resource;
	Acquire resource;
	Close

9.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

9.3. Add an interface declaration  for checked runnable. It allows to:

	Run checked runnable

9.4. Add a class for mute. It allows to:

	Instantiate mute;
	Mute checked runnable;
	Get logged mute

9.5. Add a class for mute test. It allows to:

	Mute should run the checked runnable and  not throw any exception if checked runnable does not throw any exception;
	Mute should rethrow unexpected exception  as assertion error;
	Get logged mute should run the checked runnable and not throw any exception if checked runnable does not throw any exception;
	Get logged mute should log exception trace before swallowing it;
	Handle method not throwing any exception;
	Handle method throwing exception

9.6. Add an interface declaration  for resource

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

10.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

10.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

10.3. Add a class for jar. It allows to:

	Instantiate jar  with lock;
	Take bean

10.4. Add a class for jar test. It allows to:

	Handle test take beans

10.5. Add an interface declaration  for lock. It allows to:

	Acquire lock;
	Handle release

10.6. Add a class for mutex. It allows to:

	Get owner;
	Acquire mutex;
	Handle release

10.7. Add a class for mutex test. It allows to:

	Acquire release test

10.8. Add a class for thief. It allows to:

	Instantiate thief  with jar;
	Run thief

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

11.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

11.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

11.3. Add a class for customer. It allows to:

	Instantiate customer  with fruit shop;
	Run customer

11.4. Add a class for fruit. It allows to:

	Instantiate fruit  with fruit type;
	Get type;
	Convert fruit to string

11.5. Add a class for fruit bowl. It allows to:

	Count fruit;
	Put fruit;
	Take fruit bowl;
	Convert fruit bowl to string

11.6. Add a class for fruit bowl test. It allows to:

	Handle fruit bowl test

11.7. Add a class for fruit shop. It allows to:

	Instantiate fruit shop;
	Count fruit;
	Take bowl;
	Return bowl

11.8. Add an interface declaration  for lock. It allows to:

	Acquire lock;
	Handle release

11.9. Add a class for semaphore. It allows to:

	Instantiate semaphore;
	Get num licenses;
	Get available licenses;
	Acquire semaphore;
	Handle release

11.10. Add a class for semaphore test. It allows to:

	Acquire release test

12. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

12. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

