BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1.1. Add a class for fishing boat adapter. It allows to:

	Instantiate fishing boat adapter;
	Handle row

1.2. Rename type BattleShip with RowingBoat

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for enchantment. It allows to:

	Process enchantment enchantment on activate;
	Apply enchantment;
	Process enchantment enchantment on deactivate

2.2. Add a class for flying enchantment. It allows to:

	Process flying enchantment flying enchantment on activate;
	Apply flying enchantment;
	Process flying enchantment flying enchantment on deactivate

2.3. Add a class for hammer. It allows to:

	Instantiate hammer  with enchantment;
	Wield hammer;
	Swing hammer;
	Handle unwield;
	Get enchantment

2.4. Add a class for hammer test. It allows to:

	Handle test hammer

2.5. Add a class for soul eating enchantment. It allows to:

	Process soul eating enchantment soul eating enchantment on activate;
	Apply soul eating enchantment;
	Process soul eating enchantment soul eating enchantment on deactivate

2.6. Add a class for sword. It allows to:

	Instantiate sword  with enchantment;
	Wield sword;
	Swing sword;
	Handle unwield;
	Get enchantment

2.7. Add a class for sword test. It allows to:

	Handle test sword

2.8. Add an interface declaration  for weapon. It allows to:

	Wield weapon;
	Swing weapon;
	Handle unwield;
	Get enchantment

2.9. Add a class for weapon test. It allows to:

	Handle test basic weapon actions

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.app:  

3.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.domain:  

4.1. Add a class for account. It allows to:

	Instantiate account;
	Get account no;
	Get owner;
	Get money;
	Set money;
	Get copy;
	Convert account to string;
	Handle deposit money;
	Withdraw money;
	Handle deposit;
	Handle withdrawal;
	Handle event;
	Handle transfer  from event;
	Handle transfer  to event

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.event:  

5.1. Add a class for account create event. It allows to:

	Instantiate account create event;
	Get account no;
	Get owner;
	Handle process

5.2. Add a class for domain event. It allows to:

	Instantiate domain event;
	Get sequence id;
	Get created time;
	Check if domain event is real time;
	Set real time;
	Handle process;
	Get event class name

5.3. Add a class for money deposit event. It allows to:

	Instantiate money deposit event  with money big decimal;
	Get money;
	Get account no;
	Handle process

5.4. Add a class for money transfer event. It allows to:

	Instantiate money transfer event  with money big decimal;
	Get money;
	Get account no  from;
	Get account no  to;
	Handle process

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.processor:  

6.1. Add a class for domain event processor. It allows to:

	Handle process;
	Reset domain event processor;
	Recover domain event processor

6.2. Add a class for json file journal. It allows to:

	Instantiate json file journal;
	Write domain event;
	Reset json file journal;
	Read next

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.state:  

7.1. Add a class for account aggregate. It allows to:

	Instantiate account aggregate;
	Put account;
	Get account;
	Reset state

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock.utils:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling:  

8.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Make service calls

8.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

8.3. Add a class for b 2 B service. It allows to:

	Instantiate b 2 B service  with timer throttler, calls count and calls count;
	Handle dummy customer api;
	Get random customer id

8.4. Add a class for b 2 B service test. It allows to:

	Handle dummy customer api test

8.5. Add a class for calls count. It allows to:

	Add tenant;
	Handle increment count;
	Get count;
	Reset calls count

8.6. Add a class for tenant. It allows to:

	Instantiate tenant  with calls count;
	Get name;
	Get allowed calls  per second

8.7. Add a class for tenant test. It allows to:

	Handle constructor test

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling.timer:  

9.1. Add a class for throttle timer impl. It allows to:

	Instantiate throttle timer impl  with calls count;
	Start throttle timer impl;
	Run

9.2. Add an interface declaration  for throttler. It allows to:

	Start throttler

