BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, checkstyle-suppressions.xml, checkstyle.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract factory test. It allows to:

	Set abstract factory test;
	Handle king;
	Handle castle;
	Handle army;
	Create elf kingdom;
	Create orc kingdom

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

2.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

3.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

4.1. Add a class for caching test. It allows to:

	Set caching test;
	Handle test read and write through strategy;
	Handle test read through and write around strategy;
	Handle test read through and write behind strategy;
	Handle test cache aside strategy

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

5.1. Add a class for callback test. It allows to:

	Handle test

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

6.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

7.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple.printers:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

8.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.model:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

9.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

10.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern:  

11.1. Add an interface declaration  for service. It allows to:

	Get welcome message;
	Check if service is enhanced

12. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

12.1. Add a class for properties feature toggle version. It allows to:

	Instantiate properties feature toggle version  with properties;
	Get welcome message;
	Check if properties feature toggle version is enhanced

12.2. Add a class for properties feature toggle version test. It allows to:

	Handle test null properties passed;
	Handle test non boolean property;
	Handle test feature turned on;
	Handle test feature turned off

13. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

13.1. Add a class for tiered feature toggle version. It allows to:

	Get welcome message;
	Check if tiered feature toggle version is enhanced

13.2. Add a class for tiered feature toggle version test. It allows to:

	Set tiered feature toggle version test;
	Handle test get welcome message for paid user;
	Handle test get welcome message for free user;
	Handle test is enhanced always true as tiered

14. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.user:  

14.1. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Instantiate user;
	Convert user to string

14.2. Add a class for user group. It allows to:

	Add user  to free group;
	Add user  to paid group;
	Check if user group is paid

14.3. Add a class for user group test. It allows to:

	Convert test add user;
	Handle test add user to free when on paid

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.simple:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.action:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

15.1. Add a class for reactor test. It allows to:

	Handle test app using thread pool dispatcher;
	Handle test app using same thread dispatcher

16. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

16. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

16. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

16.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.selector:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

17.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

17.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

17.3. Add a class for hero stat. It allows to:

	Instantiate hero stat;
	Get value of;
	Get strength;
	Get intelligence;
	Get luck;
	Convert hero stat to string;
	Hash code;
	Check if hero stat equals

17.4. Add a class for hero stat test. It allows to:

	Handle test equals;
	Convert test

18. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

18. Changes to package domainapp.dom.app.homepage:  

18. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.modules.simple:  

18. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.scenarios:  

18. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

