BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, .travis.yml, pom.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractdocument:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractdocument.domain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.aggregator.microservices:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.api.gateway:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple.printers:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.model:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.asynchronous:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.user:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.simple:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.action:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.administration:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.banking:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.database:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.domain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.eventlog:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.module:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.mongo:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.sampledata:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.service:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.test:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.image.microservice:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.information.microservice:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.inventory.microservice:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.module:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Prepare app;
	Handle unprepare;
	Execute app;
	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

1.3. Add a class for console logger module. It allows to:

	Instantiate console logger module;
	Get singleton;
	Prepare console logger module;
	Handle unprepare;
	Print string;
	Print error string

1.4. Add a class for file logger module. It allows to:

	Instantiate file logger module;
	Get singleton;
	Prepare file logger module;
	Handle unprepare;
	Print string;
	Print error string

1.5. Add a class for file logger module test. It allows to:

	Handle test file message;
	Handle test no file message;
	Handle test file error message;
	Handle test no file error message;
	Read first line

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.pageobject:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.pageobject.pages:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.price.microservice:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.selector:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

