BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package abstractextensions:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for commander extension. It allows to:

	Handle commander ready

1.2. Add an interface declaration  for sergeant extension. It allows to:

	Handle sergeant ready

1.3. Add an interface declaration  for soldier extension. It allows to:

	Handle soldier ready

1.4. Add an interface declaration  for unit extension

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus:  

2.1. Add a class for abstract data type. It allows to:

	Get data bus;
	Get set data bus

2.2. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

2.3. Add a class for data bus. It allows to:

	Get instance;
	Subscribe member;
	Handle unsubscribe;
	Publish event data type

2.4. Add a class for data bus test. It allows to:

	Set data bus test;
	Get published event is received by subscribed member;
	Get published event is not received by member after unsubscribing

2.5. Add an interface declaration  for data type. It allows to:

	Get data bus;
	Get set data bus

2.6. Add an interface declaration  for member. It allows to:

	Accept event data type

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus.data:  

3.1. Add a class for message data. It allows to:

	Instantiate message data;
	Get message;
	O message data

3.2. Add a class for starting data. It allows to:

	Instantiate starting data  with when local date time;
	Get starting data;
	O when local date time

3.3. Add a class for stopping data. It allows to:

	Instantiate stopping data  with when local date time;
	Get stopping data;
	O when local date time

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus.members:  

4.1. Add a class for message collector member. It allows to:

	Instantiate message collector member;
	Accept data type;
	Handle event;
	Get messages

4.2. Add a class for message collector member test. It allows to:

	Collect message  from message data;
	Collect ignores message  from other data types

4.3. Add a class for status member. It allows to:

	Instantiate status member;
	Accept data type;
	Handle event;
	Started status member;
	Stopped status member

4.4. Add a class for status member test. It allows to:

	Handle status records the start time;
	Handle status records the stop time;
	Handle status ignores message data

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.queue.load.leveling:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

5. Changes to package concreteextensions:  

5.1. Add a class for commander. It allows to:

	Instantiate commander  with commander unit;
	Handle commander ready

5.2. Add a class for commander test. It allows to:

	Handle commander ready

5.3. Add a class for sergeant. It allows to:

	Instantiate sergeant  with sergeant unit;
	Handle sergeant ready

5.4. Add a class for sergeant test. It allows to:

	Handle sergeant ready

5.5. Add a class for soldier. It allows to:

	Instantiate soldier  with soldier unit;
	Handle soldier ready

5.6. Add a class for soldier test. It allows to:

	Handle soldier ready

6. Changes to package units:  

6.1. Add a class for commander unit. It allows to:

	Instantiate commander unit;
	Get unit extension

6.2. Add a class for commander unit test. It allows to:

	Get unit extension

6.3. Add a class for sergeant unit. It allows to:

	Instantiate sergeant unit;
	Get unit extension

6.4. Add a class for sergeant unit test. It allows to:

	Get unit extension

6.5. Add a class for soldier unit. It allows to:

	Instantiate soldier unit;
	Get unit extension

6.6. Add a class for soldier unit test. It allows to:

	Get unit extension

6.7. Add a class for unit. It allows to:

	Instantiate unit;
	Get name;
	Set name;
	Get unit extension

6.8. Add a class for unit test. It allows to:

	Handle test const get set

