BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, .gitignore). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.guarded.suspension:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.trampoline:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for trampoline. It allows to:

	Get trampoline;
	Jump trampoline;
	Result trampoline;
	Complete trampoline;
	Get done;
	Handle more;
	Complete;
	Jump;
	Get;

1.2. Add a class for trampoline app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Get loop

1.3. Add a class for trampoline app test. It allows to:

	Handle test trampoline with factorial function

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

