BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle.xml, log4j.xml, pom.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1.1. Add a class for db manager. It allows to:

	Instantiate db manager;
	Create virtual db;
	Connect db manager;
	Read db manager from db;
	Write user account to db;
	Update db;
	Handle upsert db

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

2.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

2.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

2.3. Add an interface declaration  for printer. It allows to:

	Handle print

2.4. Add a class for printer controller. It allows to:

	Instantiate printer controller  with printer;
	Handle print

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple.printers:  

3.1. Add a class for canon printer. It allows to:

	Handle print

3.2. Add a class for epson printer. It allows to:

	Handle print

3.3. Add a class for hp printer. It allows to:

	Handle print

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.simple:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

4.1. Add an interface declaration  for mq publish point. It allows to:

	Put msg message

4.2. Add an interface declaration  for mq subscribe point. It allows to:

	Take mq subscribe point

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

5. Changes to package domainapp.dom.app.homepage:  

5. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.modules.simple:  

5. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.scenarios:  

5. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue.modules.simple:  

5. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.tests:  

5. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.tests.modules.simple:  

5. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

