BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.masterworker:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for array input. It allows to:

	Instantiate array input;
	Make divisions;
	Divide data

1.3. Add a class for array input test. It allows to:

	Divide data test

1.4. Add a class for array result. It allows to:

	Instantiate array result

1.5. Add a class for array utility methods. It allows to:

	Handle arrays same;
	Handle matrices same;
	Create random int matrix;
	Print matrix

1.6. Add a class for array utility methods test. It allows to:

	Handle arrays same test;
	Handle matrices same test

1.7. Add a class for input. It allows to:

	Instantiate input  with data;
	Divide data

1.8. Add a class for result. It allows to:

	Instantiate result  with data

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.masterworker.system:  

2.1. Add an object creator class for array transpose master worker. It allows to:

	Instantiate array transpose master worker;
	Set master

2.2. Add a class for array transpose master worker test. It allows to:

	Get result test

2.3. Add a class for master worker. It allows to:

	Instantiate master worker;
	Set master;
	Get result

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.masterworker.system.systemmaster:  

3.1. Add a class for array transpose master. It allows to:

	Instantiate array transpose master;
	Set workers;
	Handle aggregate data

3.2. Add a class for master. It allows to:

	Instantiate master;
	Get final result;
	Get all result data;
	Get expected num results;
	Get workers;
	Set workers;
	Do work;
	Divide work;
	Receive data;
	Collect result;
	Handle aggregate data

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.masterworker.system.systemworkers:  

4.1. Add an object creator class for array transpose worker. It allows to:

	Instantiate array transpose worker  with master;
	Execute operation

4.2. Add a class for array transpose worker test. It allows to:

	Execute operation test

4.3. Add a class for worker. It allows to:

	Instantiate worker  with master;
	Get worker id;
	Get received data;
	Set received data;
	Execute operation;
	Send data result to master;
	Run worker

