BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.travis.yml, pom.xml, config.properties, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractdocument:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.aggregator.microservices:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple.printers:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.asynchronous:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Set app;
	Run app;
	Handle quick run;
	Run interactive mode

1.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

1.3. Add a class for event. It allows to:

	Instantiate event;
	Check if event is synchronous;
	Start event;
	Stop event;
	Handle status;
	Run event;
	Add listener;
	Remove listener;
	Get completed

1.4. Add a class for event asynchronous test. It allows to:

	Handle test asynchronous event;
	Handle test synchronous event;
	Handle test unsuccessful synchronous event;
	Handle test full synchronous event;
	Handle test full asynchronous event

1.5. Add a class for event does not exist exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate event does not exist exception

1.6. Add a class for event manager. It allows to:

	Instantiate event manager;
	Create event manager;
	Create async;
	Create event;
	Start event manager;
	Cancel event manager;
	Handle status;
	Handle status of all events;
	Handle shutdown;
	Generate id;
	Get completed event handler;
	Get event pool;
	Get num of currently running sync event

1.7. Add an interface declaration  for i event. It allows to:

	Start i event;
	Stop i event;
	Handle status

1.8. Add a class for invalid operation exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate invalid operation exception

1.9. Add a class for long running event exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate long running event exception

1.10. Add a class for max num of events allowed exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate max num of events allowed exception

1.11. Add an interface declaration  for thread complete listener. It allows to:

	Get completed event handler

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.administration:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.eventlog:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.service:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

