BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a small modifier commit that does not change the system significantly.This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, .gitignore).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.action:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

1.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.selector:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.dom.app.homepage:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.dom.modules.simple:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.fixture:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.modules.simple:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.scenarios:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue.modules.simple:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specs:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

