BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, pom.xml). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract data type. It allows to:

	Get data bus;
	Get set data bus

1.2. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.3. Add a class for data bus. It allows to:

	Get instance;
	Subscribe member;
	Handle unsubscribe;
	Publish event data type

1.4. Add a class for data bus test. It allows to:

	Set data bus test;
	Get published event is received by subscribed member;
	Get published event is not received by member after unsubscribing

1.5. Add an interface declaration  for data type. It allows to:

	Get data bus;
	Get set data bus

1.6. Add an interface declaration  for member. It allows to:

	Accept event data type

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus.data:  

2.1. Add a class for message data. It allows to:

	Instantiate message data;
	Get message;
	O message data

2.2. Add a class for starting data. It allows to:

	Instantiate starting data  with when local date time;
	Get starting data;
	O when local date time

2.3. Add a class for stopping data. It allows to:

	Instantiate stopping data  with when local date time;
	Get stopping data;
	O when local date time

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus.members:  

3.1. Add a class for message collector member. It allows to:

	Instantiate message collector member;
	Accept data type;
	Handle event;
	Get messages

3.2. Add a class for message collector member test. It allows to:

	Collect message  from message data;
	Collect ignores message  from other data types

3.3. Add a class for status member. It allows to:

	Instantiate status member;
	Accept data type;
	Handle event;
	Started status member;
	Stopped status member

3.4. Add a class for status member test. It allows to:

	Handle status records the start time;
	Handle status records the stop time;
	Handle status ignores message data

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.queue.load.leveling:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

