BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, .travis.yml, pom.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1.1. Add a class for abstract factory test. It allows to:

	Set abstract factory test;
	Handle king;
	Handle castle;
	Handle army;
	Create elf kingdom;
	Create orc kingdom

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

2.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

3.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

4.1. Add a class for caching test. It allows to:

	Set caching test;
	Handle test read and write through strategy;
	Handle test read through and write around strategy;
	Handle test read through and write behind strategy;
	Handle test cache aside strategy

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

5.1. Add a class for callback test. It allows to:

	Handle test

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

6.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

7.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

7.2. Add a class for customer schema sql. It allows to:

	Instantiate customer schema sql

7.3. Add a class for db customer dao. It allows to:

	Instantiate db customer dao  with data source;
	Get db customer dao;
	Try advance;
	Get connection;
	Handle muted close;
	Create customer;
	Get db customer dao by id;
	Add customer;
	Update customer;
	Delete customer

7.4. Add a class for in memory customer dao. It allows to:

	Get in memory customer dao;
	Get in memory customer dao by id;
	Add customer;
	Update customer;
	Delete customer

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.datamapper:  

8.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Instantiate app

8.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

8.3. Add a class for data mapper exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate data mapper exception

8.4. Add a class for data mapper test. It allows to:

	Handle test first data mapper

8.5. Add a class for student. It allows to:

	Instantiate student;
	Get student id;
	Set student id;
	Get name;
	Set name;
	Get grade;
	Set grade;
	Check if student equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert student to string

8.6. Add an interface declaration  for student data mapper. It allows to:

	Find student data mapper;
	Insert student;
	Update student;
	Delete student

8.7. Add a class for student data mapper impl. It allows to:

	Find student data mapper impl;
	Update student to be updated;
	Insert student to be inserted;
	Delete student to be deleted;
	Get students

8.8. Add a class for student test. It allows to:

	Handle test equality

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple.printers:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

9.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

10.1. Add a class for abstract event. It allows to:

	Get type

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

11.1. Add an interface declaration  for event. It allows to:

	Get type

12. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

12. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.model:  

12. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

12. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

12. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

12. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

12.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

13. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

13.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

13.2. Add a class for axe. It allows to:

	Convert axe to string

13.3. Add a class for bow. It allows to:

	Convert bow to string

13.4. Add an interface declaration  for builder. It allows to:

	Add name weapon type

13.5. Add a class for spear. It allows to:

	Convert spear to string

13.6. Add a class for sword. It allows to:

	Convert sword to string

13.7. Add an interface declaration  for weapon

13.8. Add an interface declaration  for weapon factory. It allows to:

	Create name weapon type;
	Get factory

14. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

14.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

15. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

15.1. Add a class for factory kit test. It allows to:

	Handle init;
	Handle test spear weapon;
	Handle test axe weapon;
	Handle test weapon;
	Verify weapon

16. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

16.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

17. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern:  

17.1. Add an interface declaration  for service. It allows to:

	Get welcome message;
	Check if service is enhanced

18. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

18.1. Add a class for properties feature toggle version. It allows to:

	Instantiate properties feature toggle version  with properties;
	Get welcome message;
	Check if properties feature toggle version is enhanced

18.2. Add a class for properties feature toggle version test. It allows to:

	Handle test null properties passed;
	Handle test non boolean property;
	Handle test feature turned on;
	Handle test feature turned off

19. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

19.1. Add a class for tiered feature toggle version. It allows to:

	Get welcome message;
	Check if tiered feature toggle version is enhanced

19.2. Add a class for tiered feature toggle version test. It allows to:

	Set tiered feature toggle version test;
	Handle test get welcome message for paid user;
	Handle test get welcome message for free user;
	Handle test is enhanced always true as tiered

20. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.user:  

20.1. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Instantiate user;
	Convert user to string

20.2. Add a class for user group. It allows to:

	Add user  to free group;
	Add user  to paid group;
	Check if user group is paid

20.3. Add a class for user group test. It allows to:

	Convert test add user;
	Handle test add user to free when on paid

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.simple:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.action:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

21. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

21.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

21.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test main

21.3. Add a class for monad test. It allows to:

	Handle test for invalid name;
	Handle test for invalid age;
	Handle test for valid

21.4. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Instantiate user  with sex;
	Get name;
	Get age;
	Get sex;
	Email user

21.5. Add a class for validator. It allows to:

	Instantiate validator  with T;
	O T;
	Validate validation predicate;
	Validate projection function;
	Get validator

22. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

22. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

22. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

22.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Use app of mute;
	Use app of logged mute;
	Close resource;
	Utilize resource;
	Acquire resource;
	Close

22.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

22.3. Add an interface declaration  for checked runnable. It allows to:

	Run checked runnable

22.4. Add a class for mute. It allows to:

	Instantiate mute;
	Mute checked runnable;
	Get logged mute

22.5. Add a class for mute test. It allows to:

	Mute should run the checked runnable and  not throw any exception if checked runnable does not throw any exception;
	Mute should rethrow unexpected exception  as assertion error;
	Get logged mute should run the checked runnable and not throw any exception if checked runnable does not throw any exception;
	Get logged mute should log exception trace before swallowing it;
	Handle method not throwing any exception;
	Handle method throwing exception

22.6. Add an interface declaration  for resource

23. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

23.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

23.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

23.3. Add a class for jar. It allows to:

	Instantiate jar  with lock;
	Take bean

23.4. Add a class for jar test. It allows to:

	Handle test take beans

23.5. Add an interface declaration  for lock. It allows to:

	Acquire lock;
	Handle release

23.6. Add a class for mutex. It allows to:

	Get owner;
	Acquire mutex;
	Handle release

23.7. Add a class for mutex test. It allows to:

	Acquire release test

23.8. Add a class for thief. It allows to:

	Instantiate thief  with jar;
	Run thief

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

24. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

24.1. Add a class for reactor test. It allows to:

	Handle test app using thread pool dispatcher;
	Handle test app using same thread dispatcher

25. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

25. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

25. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

25.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

26. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

26. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

26.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

26.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

26.3. Add a class for customer. It allows to:

	Instantiate customer  with fruit shop;
	Run customer

26.4. Add a class for fruit. It allows to:

	Instantiate fruit  with fruit type;
	Get type;
	Convert fruit to string

26.5. Add a class for fruit bowl. It allows to:

	Count fruit;
	Put fruit;
	Take fruit bowl;
	Convert fruit bowl to string

26.6. Add a class for fruit bowl test. It allows to:

	Handle fruit bowl test

26.7. Add a class for fruit shop. It allows to:

	Instantiate fruit shop;
	Count fruit;
	Take bowl;
	Return bowl

26.8. Add an interface declaration  for lock. It allows to:

	Acquire lock;
	Handle release

26.9. Add a class for semaphore. It allows to:

	Instantiate semaphore;
	Get num licenses;
	Get available licenses;
	Acquire semaphore;
	Handle release

26.10. Add a class for semaphore test. It allows to:

	Acquire release test

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.selector:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

27. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

27.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

27.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

27.3. Add a class for hero stat. It allows to:

	Instantiate hero stat;
	Get value of;
	Get strength;
	Get intelligence;
	Get luck;
	Convert hero stat to string;
	Hash code;
	Check if hero stat equals

27.4. Add a class for hero stat test. It allows to:

	Handle test equals;
	Convert test

28. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

28. Changes to package domainapp.dom.app.homepage:  

28. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.modules.simple:  

28. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.scenarios:  

28. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

