BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, pom.xml, application.properties, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.api.gateway:  

1.1. Add a class for api gateway. It allows to:

	Get product desktop;
	Get product mobile

1.2. Add a class for api gateway test. It allows to:

	Handle setup;
	Handle test get product desktop;
	Handle test get product mobile

1.3. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.4. Add a class for desktop product. It allows to:

	Get price;
	Get set price;
	Get image path;
	Set image path

1.5. Add an interface declaration  for image client. It allows to:

	Get image path

1.6. Add a class for image client impl. It allows to:

	Get image path

1.7. Add a class for mobile product. It allows to:

	Get price;
	Get set price

1.8. Add an interface declaration  for price client. It allows to:

	Get price

1.9. Add a class for price client impl. It allows to:

	Get price

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.datamapper:  

2.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Instantiate app

2.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

2.3. Add a class for data mapper exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate data mapper exception

2.4. Add a class for data mapper test. It allows to:

	Handle test first data mapper

2.5. Add a class for student. It allows to:

	Instantiate student;
	Get student id;
	Set student id;
	Get name;
	Set name;
	Get grade;
	Set grade;
	Check if student equals;
	Hash code;
	Convert student to string

2.6. Add an interface declaration  for student data mapper. It allows to:

	Find student data mapper;
	Insert student;
	Update student;
	Delete student

2.7. Add a class for student data mapper impl. It allows to:

	Find student data mapper impl;
	Update student to be updated;
	Insert student to be inserted;
	Delete student to be deleted;
	Get students

2.8. Add a class for student test. It allows to:

	Handle test equality

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.image.microservice:  

3.1. Add a class for image application. It allows to:

	Handle main

3.2. Add a class for image controller. It allows to:

	Get image path

3.3. Add a class for image controller test. It allows to:

	Handle test get image path

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.price.microservice:  

4.1. Add a class for price application. It allows to:

	Handle main

4.2. Add a class for price controller. It allows to:

	Get price

4.3. Add a class for price controller test. It allows to:

	Handle testget price

