BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, applicationContext.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test app

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.domain:  

2.1. Add a class for lottery administration. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery administration  with lottery ticket repository, notifications lottery event log, wire transfers and wire transfers;
	Get all submitted tickets;
	Perform lottery;
	Reset lottery

2.2. Add a class for lottery numbers test. It allows to:

	Handle test given numbers;
	Handle test numbers cant be modified;
	Handle test random numbers;
	Handle test equals

2.3. Add a class for lottery service. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery service  with lottery ticket repository, notifications lottery event log, wire transfers and wire transfers;
	Submit ticket;
	Check ticket  for prize

2.4. Add a class for lottery test. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery test;
	Handle setup;
	Handle test lottery

2.5. Add a class for lottery ticket. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery ticket  with lottery ticket id, player details, lottery numbers and lottery numbers;
	Get player details;
	Get numbers;
	Get id;
	Set id;
	Convert lottery ticket to string;
	Hash code;
	Check if lottery ticket equals

2.6. Add a class for lottery ticket check result. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery ticket check result  with check result;
	Get result;
	Get prize amount;
	Hash code;
	Check if lottery ticket check result equals

2.7. Add a class for lottery ticket check result test. It allows to:

	Handle test equals

2.8. Add a class for lottery ticket id. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery ticket id;
	Get id;
	Convert lottery ticket id to string;
	Check if lottery ticket id equals;
	Hash code

2.9. Add a class for lottery ticket test. It allows to:

	Handle test equals

2.10. Add a class for player details. It allows to:

	Instantiate player details;
	Email player details;
	Get bank account;
	Get phone number;
	Convert player details to string;
	Hash code;
	Check if player details equals

2.11. Add a class for player details test. It allows to:

	Handle test equals

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

