BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, world.txt). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dirtyflag:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Run app;
	Run;
	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for data fetcher. It allows to:

	Instantiate data fetcher;
	Check if data fetcher is dirty;
	Fetch data fetcher

1.3. Add a class for world. It allows to:

	Instantiate world;
	Fetch world

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.guarded.suspension:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.objectmother:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

2. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

2. Changes to package org.dirty.flag:  

2.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

2.2. Add a class for dirty flag test. It allows to:

	Handle test is dirty;
	Handle test is not dirty

