BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, checkstyle-suppressions.xml, checkstyle.xml, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple.printers:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.model:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for service. It allows to:

	Get welcome message;
	Check if service is enhanced

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

2.1. Add a class for properties feature toggle version. It allows to:

	Instantiate properties feature toggle version  with properties;
	Get welcome message;
	Check if properties feature toggle version is enhanced

2.2. Add a class for properties feature toggle version test. It allows to:

	Handle test null properties passed;
	Handle test non boolean property;
	Handle test feature turned on;
	Handle test feature turned off

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

3.1. Add a class for tiered feature toggle version. It allows to:

	Get welcome message;
	Check if tiered feature toggle version is enhanced

3.2. Add a class for tiered feature toggle version test. It allows to:

	Set tiered feature toggle version test;
	Handle test get welcome message for paid user;
	Handle test get welcome message for free user;
	Handle test is enhanced always true as tiered

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.user:  

4.1. Add a class for user. It allows to:

	Instantiate user;
	Convert user to string

4.2. Add a class for user group. It allows to:

	Add user  to free group;
	Add user  to paid group;
	Check if user group is paid

4.3. Add a class for user group test. It allows to:

	Convert test add user;
	Handle test add user to free when on paid

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.simple:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.action:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.selector:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

5. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

