BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.app:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.domain:  

2.1. Add a class for account. It allows to:

	Instantiate account;
	Get account no;
	Get owner;
	Get money;
	Set money;
	Get copy;
	Convert account to string;
	Handle deposit money;
	Withdraw money;
	Handle deposit;
	Handle withdrawal;
	Handle event;
	Handle transfer  from event;
	Handle transfer  to event

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.event:  

3.1. Add a class for account create event. It allows to:

	Instantiate account create event;
	Get account no;
	Get owner;
	Handle process

3.2. Add a class for domain event. It allows to:

	Instantiate domain event;
	Get sequence id;
	Get created time;
	Check if domain event is real time;
	Set real time;
	Handle process;
	Get event class name

3.3. Add a class for money deposit event. It allows to:

	Instantiate money deposit event  with money big decimal;
	Get money;
	Get account no;
	Handle process

3.4. Add a class for money transfer event. It allows to:

	Instantiate money transfer event  with money big decimal;
	Get money;
	Get account no  from;
	Get account no  to;
	Handle process

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.processor:  

4.1. Add a class for domain event processor. It allows to:

	Handle process;
	Reset domain event processor;
	Recover domain event processor

4.2. Add a class for json file journal. It allows to:

	Instantiate json file journal;
	Write domain event;
	Reset json file journal;
	Read next

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.sourcing.state:  

5.1. Add a class for account aggregate. It allows to:

	Instantiate account aggregate;
	Put account;
	Get account;
	Reset state

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock.utils:  

