BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.travis.yml, pom.xml, checkstyle.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for load balancer. It allows to:

	Add server;
	Get no  of servers;
	Get last served id;
	Handle server request

1.3. Add a class for request. It allows to:

	Instantiate request

1.4. Add a class for server. It allows to:

	Instantiate server;
	Get host;
	Get port;
	Serve request

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

