BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, .travis.yml, pom.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractdocument:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractdocument.domain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.aggregator.microservices:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.api.gateway:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1.1. Add a class for clubbed troll. It allows to:

	Instantiate clubbed troll  with decorated troll;
	Handle attack;
	Get attack power;
	Flee battle

1.2. Add a class for clubbed troll test. It allows to:

	Handle test clubbed troll

1.3. Add a class for simple troll. It allows to:

	Handle attack;
	Get attack power;
	Flee battle

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple.printers:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection.utils:  

2.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender  with clazz class;
	Append event;
	Get last message;
	Get log size

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.handler:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.model:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.asynchronous:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.user:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.simple:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.action:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller.utils:  

3.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Get last message;
	Get log size

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.administration:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.banking:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.database:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.domain:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.eventlog:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.module:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.mongo:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.sampledata:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.service:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.test:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.image.microservice:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.information.microservice:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.inventory.microservice:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.objectmother:  

4.1. Add a class for king. It allows to:

	Make drunk;
	Make sober;
	Make happy;
	Make unhappy;
	Check if king is happy;
	Flirt queen

4.2. Add a class for queen. It allows to:

	Make drunk;
	Make sober;
	Make happy;
	Make unhappy;
	Check if queen is flirty;
	Set flirtiness;
	Flirted king

4.3. Add an interface declaration  for royalty. It allows to:

	Make drunk;
	Make sober;
	Make happy;
	Make unhappy

4.4. Add a class for royalty object mother. It allows to:

	Create sober unhappy king;
	Create drunk king;
	Create happy king;
	Create happy drunk king;
	Create flirty queen;
	Create royalty object mother not flirty queen

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.objectmother.test:  

5.1. Add a class for royalty object mother test. It allows to:

	Handle unsuccessful king flirt;
	Handle queen is blocking flirt cause drunk king;
	Handle queen is blocking flirt;
	Handle successfull king flirt;
	Handle test queen type;
	Handle test king type

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.utils:  

6.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender  with clazz class;
	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Get log size;
	Get last message

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.pageobject:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.pageobject.pages:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.price.microservice:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata.utils:  

7.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Get log size;
	Get last message

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

8.1. Add a class for ivory tower. It allows to:

	Enter wizard

8.2. Add a class for ivory tower test. It allows to:

	Set ivory tower test;
	Tear ivory tower test;
	Handle test enter

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy.utils:  

9.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender  with clazz class;
	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Contains in memory appender;
	Get log size

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock.utils:  

10.1. Add a class for in memory appender. It allows to:

	Instantiate in memory appender  with clazz class;
	Instantiate in memory appender;
	Append event;
	Contains in memory appender

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.selector:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

11. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

