BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.acyclicvisitor:  

1.1. Add an interface declaration  for all modem visitor

1.2. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.3. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

1.4. Add a class for configure for dos visitor. It allows to:

	Handle visit;

1.5. Add a class for configure for dos visitor test. It allows to:

	Handle test visit for zoom;
	Handle test visit for hayes;
	Handle clear loggers

1.6. Add a class for configure for unix visitor. It allows to:

	Handle visit

1.7. Add a class for configure for unix visitor test. It allows to:

	Handle clear loggers;
	Handle test visit for zoom

1.8. Add a class for hayes. It allows to:

	Accept modem visitor;
	Convert hayes to string

1.9. Add a class for hayes test. It allows to:

	Handle test accept for dos;
	Handle test accept for unix

1.10. Add an interface declaration  for hayes visitor. It allows to:

	Handle visit

1.11. Add a class for modem. It allows to:

	Accept modem visitor

1.12. Add an interface declaration  for modem visitor

1.13. Add a class for zoom. It allows to:

	Accept modem visitor;
	Convert zoom to string

1.14. Add a class for zoom test. It allows to:

	Handle test accept for dos;
	Handle test accept for unix

1.15. Add an interface declaration  for zoom visitor. It allows to:

	Handle visit

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.administration:  

2.1. Add an interface declaration  for console administration srv. It allows to:

	Get all submitted tickets;
	Perform lottery;
	Reset lottery

2.2. Add a class for console administration srv impl. It allows to:

	Instantiate console administration srv impl  with lottery administration, logger and logger;
	Get all submitted tickets;
	Perform lottery;
	Reset lottery

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.service:  

3.1. Add an interface declaration  for lottery console service. It allows to:

	Check ticket;
	Submit ticket;
	Add funds  to lottery account;
	Handle query lottery account funds

3.2. Add a class for lottery console service impl. It allows to:

	Instantiate lottery console service impl  with logger;
	Check ticket;
	Submit ticket;
	Add funds  to lottery account;
	Handle query lottery account funds;
	Read string

