BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.travis.yml, pom.xml, checkstyle.xml, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractdocument:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.aggregator.microservices:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.api.gateway:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.balking:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.converter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.cqrs:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.cqrs.domain.model:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.cqrs.dto:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.databus.members:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.datamapper:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.datatransfer:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.delegation.simple:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.event:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eda.framework:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.aggregator:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Configure

1.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test main

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.aggregator.routes:  

2.1. Add a class for aggregator route. It allows to:

	Configure aggregator route

2.2. Add a class for aggregator route test. It allows to:

	Handle test splitter

2.3. Add a class for message aggregation strategy. It allows to:

	Handle aggregate

2.4. Add a class for message aggregation strategy test. It allows to:

	Handle test aggregate;
	Handle test aggregate old null

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.splitter:  

3.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Configure

3.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test main

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.splitter.routes:  

4.1. Add a class for splitter route. It allows to:

	Configure splitter route

4.2. Add a class for splitter route test. It allows to:

	Handle test splitter

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.wiretap:  

5.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	Configure

5.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test main

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.eip.wiretap.routes:  

6.1. Add a class for wire tap route. It allows to:

	Configure wire tap route

6.2. Add a class for wire tap route test. It allows to:

	Handle test wire tap

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.asynchronous:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.queue:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.app:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factorykit.factorykit:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.propertiesversion:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.pattern.tieredversion:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.featuretoggle.user:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.action:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.guarded.suspension:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.banking:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.database:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.domain:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.eventlog:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.image.microservice:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.information.microservice:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.inventory.microservice:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.module:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monad:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mute:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.objectmother.test:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.pageobject:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.price.microservice:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.queue.load.leveling:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reader.writer.lock:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.retry:  

7.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	No errors;
	Handle error no retry;
	Handle error with retry;
	Handle error with retry exponential backoff

7.2. Add a class for business exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate business exception

7.3. Add an interface declaration  for business operation. It allows to:

	Perform business operation

7.4. Add a class for customer not found exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate customer not found exception

7.5. Add a class for database not available exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate database not available exception

7.6. Add a class for find customer. It allows to:

	Instantiate find customer  with errors business exception;
	Perform find customer

7.7. Add a class for find customer test. It allows to:

	No exceptions;
	One exception;
	Result find customer test after exceptions

7.8. Add a class for retry. It allows to:

	Instantiate retry  with business operation, ignore tests predicate and ignore tests predicate;
	Get errors;
	Get attempts;
	Perform retry

7.9. Add a class for retry test. It allows to:

	Handle errors;
	Handle attempts;
	Ignore retry test

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.selector:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling.timer:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tls:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.unitofwork:  

8.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

8.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

8.3. Add an interface declaration  for i unit of work. It allows to:

	Register new;
	Modified entity;
	Deleted entity;
	Commit i unit of work

8.4. Add a class for student. It allows to:

	Instantiate student  with id integer;
	Get name;
	Get id;
	Get address

8.5. Add a class for student database. It allows to:

	Insert student;
	Modify student;
	Delete student

8.6. Add a class for student repository. It allows to:

	Instantiate student repository  with context map, student database and student database;
	Register new;
	Modified student;
	Deleted student;
	Register student;
	Commit student repository;
	Commit insert;
	Modify student repository;
	Delete student repository

8.7. Add a class for student repository test. It allows to:

	Set student repository test;
	Convert should save new student without writing;
	Convert should save deleted student without writing;
	Convert should save modified student without writing;
	Convert should save all local changes;
	Convert should not write;
	Handle should not insert to db if no registered students to be committed;
	Handle should not modify to db if not registered students to be committed;
	Handle should not delete from db if not registered students to be committed

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.value.object:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

9. Changes to package concreteextensions:  

9. Changes to package units:  

