BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, checkstyle.xml, application.properties, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.abstractfactory:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.converter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.factory.method:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mutex:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.promise:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.retry:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main;
	No errors;
	Handle error no retry;
	Handle error with retry;
	Handle error with retry exponential backoff

1.2. Add a class for business exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate business exception

1.3. Add an interface declaration  for business operation. It allows to:

	Perform business operation

1.4. Add a class for customer not found exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate customer not found exception

1.5. Add a class for database not available exception. It allows to:

	Instantiate database not available exception

1.6. Add a class for find customer. It allows to:

	Instantiate find customer  with errors business exception;
	Perform find customer

1.7. Add a class for find customer test. It allows to:

	No exceptions;
	One exception;
	Result find customer test after exceptions

1.8. Add a class for retry. It allows to:

	Instantiate retry  with business operation, ignore tests predicate and ignore tests predicate;
	Get errors;
	Get attempts;
	Perform retry

1.9. Add a class for retry test. It allows to:

	Handle errors;
	Handle attempts;
	Ignore retry test

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.semaphore:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.throttling.timer:  

