BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (pom.xml, application.properties, .babelrc, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.ambassador:  

1.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

1.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

1.3. Add a class for client. It allows to:

	Use service

1.4. Add a class for client test. It allows to:

	Handle test

1.5. Add a class for remote service. It allows to:

	Get remote service;
	Instantiate remote service;
	Instantiate remote service  with random provider;
	Do remote function

1.6. Add an interface declaration  for remote service interface. It allows to:

	Do remote function

1.7. Add a class for service ambassador. It allows to:

	Instantiate service ambassador;
	Do remote function;
	Check latency;
	Handle safe call

1.8. Add a class for service ambassador test. It allows to:

	Handle test

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.collectionpipeline:  

2.1. Add a class for app. It allows to:

	Handle main

2.2. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test get models after 2000 using for;
	Handle test get models after 2000 using pipeline;
	Handle test get grouping of cars by category;
	Handle test get sedan cars owned sorted by date

2.3. Add a class for car. It allows to:

	Instantiate car  with category;
	Hash code;
	Check if car equals;
	Make car;
	Get model;
	Get year;
	Get category

2.4. Add a class for functional programming. It allows to:

	Instantiate functional programming;
	Get models  after 2000;
	Get grouping  of cars by category;
	Get sedan cars owned sorted  by date

2.5. Add a class for imperative programming. It allows to:

	Instantiate imperative programming;
	Get models  after 2000;
	Compare car 1;
	Get grouping  of cars by category;
	Get sedan cars owned sorted  by date;
	Compare o 1 car

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.administration:  

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.hexagonal.service:  

