BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (checkstyle.xml, log4j.xml, exclude-pmd.properties, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.adapter:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.async.method.invocation:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.bridge:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.builder:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.business.delegate:  

1. Changes to package com.iluwatar.caching:  

1.1. Add a class for db manager. It allows to:

	Instantiate db manager;
	Create virtual db;
	Connect db manager;
	Read db manager from db;
	Write user account to db;
	Update db;
	Handle upsert db

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.callback:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.chain:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.command:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.composite:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dao:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.decorator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.dependency.injection:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doublechecked.locking:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.doubledispatch:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.event.aggregator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.execute.around:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.facade:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.lazy:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.fluentinterface.fluentiterable.simple:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.app:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.dispatcher:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.store:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flux.view:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.flyweight:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.front.controller:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.halfsynchalfasync:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.intercepting.filter:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.interpreter:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.iterator:  

2. Changes to package com.iluwatar.layers:  

2.1. Add a class for cake baking exception test. It allows to:

	Handle test constructor;
	Handle test constructor with message

2.2. Add a class for cake baking service impl test. It allows to:

	Handle test layers;
	Handle test toppings;
	Handle test bake cakes;
	Handle test bake cake missing topping;
	Handle test bake cake missing layer;
	Handle test bake cakes used layer

2.3. Add a class for cake test. It allows to:

	Handle test set id;
	Handle test set topping;
	Handle test set layers;
	Handle test add layer;
	Convert test

3. Changes to package com.iluwatar.lazy.loading:  

3.1. Add a class for abstract holder test. It allows to:

	Get internal heavy value;
	Get heavy;
	Handle test get heavy

3.2. Add a class for holder naive test. It allows to:

	Get internal heavy value;
	Get heavy

3.3. Add a class for java 8 holder test. It allows to:

	Get internal heavy value;
	Get heavy

4. Changes to package com.iluwatar.mediator:  

4.1. Add a class for party impl test. It allows to:

	Handle test party action

5. Changes to package com.iluwatar.memento:  

5.1. Add a class for star test. It allows to:

	Handle test time passes;
	Handle test set memento

6. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.controller:  

6.1. Add a class for giant controller test. It allows to:

	Handle test set health;
	Handle test set fatigue;
	Handle test set nourishment;
	Handle test update view

6.2. Add a class for giant model test. It allows to:

	Handle test set health;
	Handle test set fatigue;
	Handle test set nourishment

7. Changes to package com.iluwatar.model.view.presenter:  

7.1. Add a class for app test. It allows to:

	Handle test

7.2. Add a class for file loader test. It allows to:

	Handle test load data

8. Changes to package com.iluwatar.monostate:  

8.1. Add a class for load balancer test. It allows to:

	Handle test same state amongst all instances;
	Handle test serve

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.multiton:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.nullobject:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.object.pool:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.observer.generic:  

9. Changes to package com.iluwatar.poison.pill:  

9.1. Add an interface declaration  for mq publish point. It allows to:

	Put msg message

9.2. Add an interface declaration  for mq subscribe point. It allows to:

	Take mq subscribe point

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.privateclassdata:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.producer.consumer:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.property:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.prototype:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.proxy:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.app:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.reactor.framework:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.repository:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.resource.acquisition.is.initialization:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servant:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.app:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.common:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.hibernate:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.magic:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spell:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.spellbook:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelayer.wizard:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.servicelocator:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.singleton:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.app:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.specification.creature:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.state:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.stepbuilder:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.strategy:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.templatemethod:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.threadpool:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.tolerantreader:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.twin:  

10. Changes to package com.iluwatar.visitor:  

10. Changes to package domainapp.dom.app.homepage:  

10. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.modules.simple:  

10. Changes to package domainapp.fixture.scenarios:  

10. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.specglue.modules.simple:  

10. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.tests:  

10. Changes to package domainapp.integtests.tests.modules.simple:  

10. Changes to package domainapp.webapp:  

