BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (codeStyleSettings.xml, checkstyle_suppressions.xml, pmd-ruleset.xml, ... ).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for generic transition options. It allows to:

	Process generic transition options generic transition options with no transition;
	Process generic transition options generic transition options with;

1.2. Add a class for glide context. It allows to:

	Instantiate glide context  with context, array pool, registry, image view target factory, default request options, default transition options map, default request listeners, engine and engine;
	Get default request listeners;
	Get default request options;
	Get default transition options;
	Build image view target;
	Get engine;
	Get registry;
	Get log level;
	Get array pool;
	Check if glide context is logging request origins enabled

1.3. Add a class for request builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate request builder  with glide, request manager, transcode class, context and context;
	Instantiate request builder  with transcode class, other request builder and other request builder;
	Handle init request listeners;
	Apply base request options;
	Get transition;
	Get listener;
	Add listener;
	Get error;
	Handle thumbnail;
	Get load;
	Load generic;
	Clone request builder;
	Process request builder request builder into;
	Check if request builder is skip memory cache with complete previous request;
	Submit request builder;
	Preload request builder;
	Download  only target;
	Download request builder only;
	Get download  only request;
	Get thumbnail priority;
	Build request;
	Build request recursive;
	Build thumbnail request recursive;
	Obtain request

1.4. Add a class for transition options. It allows to:

	Handle dont transition;
	Get transition;
	Clone transition options;
	Get transition factory;
	Get self

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.integration.volley:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.data:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.data.mediastore:  

2.1. Add a class for file service. It allows to:

	Check if file service exists;
	Get length;
	Get file service

2.2. Add a class for media store util. It allows to:

	Instantiate media store util;
	Check if media store util is media store uri;
	Check if media store util is video uri;
	Check if media store util is media store video uri;
	Check if media store util is media store image uri;
	Check if media store util is thumbnail size

2.3. Add an interface declaration  for thumbnail query. It allows to:

	Get query

2.4. Add a class for thumbnail stream opener. It allows to:

	Instantiate thumbnail stream opener  with parsers list, thumbnail query, byte array pool, content resolver and content resolver;
	Instantiate thumbnail stream opener  with parsers list, file service, thumbnail query, byte array pool, content resolver and content resolver;
	Get orientation;
	Handle open;
	Get path;
	Check if thumbnail stream opener is valid

3. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.engine:  

3.1. Add a class for load path. It allows to:

	Instantiate load path  with data class, resource class, transcode class, decode paths list, list pool and list pool;
	Get load;
	Get load with exception list;
	Get data class;
	Convert load path to string

4. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.model:  

4. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.model.stream:  

4. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource:  

4. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap:  

4.1. Add a class for bitmap drawable decoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate bitmap drawable decoder  with context, resource decoder and resource decoder;
	Instantiate bitmap drawable decoder  with resources, bitmap pool, resource decoder and resource decoder;
	Instantiate bitmap drawable decoder  with resources, resource decoder and resource decoder;
	Check if bitmap drawable decoder handles;
	Decode source data type

4.2. Add a class for bitmap drawable encoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate bitmap drawable encoder  with bitmap pool, resource encoder and resource encoder;
	Encode data resource;
	Get encode strategy

4.3. Add a class for bitmap drawable transformation. It allows to:

	Instantiate bitmap drawable transformation  with wrapped transformation;
	Transform context;
	Convert resource to bitmap drawable resource;
	Convert to convert resource to drawable resource;
	Check if bitmap drawable transformation equals;
	Hash code;
	Update disk cache key

4.4. Add a class for bitmap transition options. It allows to:

	Process bitmap transition options bitmap transition options with cross fade;
	Handle with wrapped;
	Process bitmap transition options bitmap transition options with;
	Fade bitmap transition options;
	Fade drawable cross fade factory;
	Get transition using;
	Fade drawable cross fade factory builder

5. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bytes:  

5. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.drawable:  

5.1. Add a class for drawable transition options. It allows to:

	Process drawable transition options drawable transition options with cross fade;
	Process drawable transition options drawable transition options with;
	Fade drawable transition options;
	Fade drawable cross fade factory;
	Fade drawable cross fade factory builder

6. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.file:  

6. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.gif:  

6. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.transcode:  

6.1. Add a class for bitmap drawable transcoder. It allows to:

	Instantiate bitmap drawable transcoder  with context;
	Instantiate bitmap drawable transcoder  with resources, bitmap pool and bitmap pool;
	Instantiate bitmap drawable transcoder  with resources;
	Get transcode

7. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.module:  

7. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.request:  

7.1. Add an object creator class for request options. It allows to:

	Get size multiplier of;
	Get disk cache strategy of;
	Get priority of;
	Get placeholder of;
	Get error of;
	Skip memory cache  of;
	Override request options of;
	Get signature of;
	Fit center transform;
	Center request options inside transform;
	Get center crop transform;
	Get circle crop transform;
	Transform transformation;
	No transformation;
	Get option;
	Decode type  of resource class;
	Get format of;
	Get frame of;
	Get downsample of;
	Get timeout of;
	Encode quality  of;
	Encode format  of bitmap compress format;
	No animation

7.2. Add a class for single request. It allows to:

	Obtain context;
	Instantiate single request;
	Handle init;
	Get verifier;
	Recycle single request;
	Begin single request;
	Cancel single request;
	Assert single request not calling callbacks;
	Handle clear;
	Release resource;
	Check if single request is running;
	Check if single request is complete;
	Check if single request is resource set;
	Check if single request is cleared;
	Check if single request is failed;
	Get error drawable;
	Get placeholder drawable;
	Get fallback drawable;
	Load drawable;
	Set error placeholder;
	Process single request single request on size ready;
	Maybe apply size multiplier;
	Can set resource;
	Handle can notify cleared;
	Handle can notify status changed;
	Check if single request is first ready resource;
	Notify load success;
	Notify load failed;
	Process single request single request on resource ready;
	Handle on load failed;
	Check if single request is equivalent to;
	Handle listener count equals;
	Log V

8. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.request.target:  

8. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.request.transition:  

8.1. Add a class for drawable cross fade transition. It allows to:

	Instantiate drawable cross fade transition;
	Handle transition

8.2. Add an interface declaration  for transition factory. It allows to:

	Build data source

8.3. Add a class for view property animation factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate view property animation factory  with view property transition animator;
	Build data source

9. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.samples.flickr:  

9. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.samples.giphy:  

9. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.util:  

9.1. Add a class for preconditions. It allows to:

	Instantiate preconditions;
	Check argument;
	Check arg not null;
	Check preconditions not empty;
	Check collection not empty

