BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (codeStyleSettings.xml).  renames some files.
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide:  

1.1. Add a class for request builder. It allows to:

	Instantiate request builder  with glide, request manager, transcode class, context and context;
	Instantiate request builder  with transcode class, other request builder and other request builder;
	Handle init request listeners;
	Apply base request options;
	Get transition;
	Get listener;
	Add listener;
	Get error;
	Handle thumbnail;
	Get load;
	Load generic;
	Clone request builder;
	Process request builder request builder into;
	Check if request builder is skip memory cache with complete previous request;
	Submit request builder;
	Preload request builder;
	Download  only target;
	Download request builder only;
	Get download  only request;
	Get thumbnail priority;
	Build request;
	Build request recursive;
	Build thumbnail request recursive;
	Obtain request

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.drawable:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.request:  

2.1. Add an object creator class for request options. It allows to:

	Get size multiplier of;
	Get disk cache strategy of;
	Get priority of;
	Get placeholder of;
	Get error of;
	Skip memory cache  of;
	Override request options of;
	Get signature of;
	Fit center transform;
	Center request options inside transform;
	Get center crop transform;
	Get circle crop transform;
	Transform transformation;
	No transformation;
	Get option;
	Decode type  of resource class;
	Get format of;
	Get frame of;
	Get downsample of;
	Get timeout of;
	Encode quality  of;
	Encode format  of bitmap compress format;
	No animation

2.2. Add a class for single request. It allows to:

	Obtain context;
	Instantiate single request;
	Handle init;
	Get verifier;
	Recycle single request;
	Begin single request;
	Cancel single request;
	Assert single request not calling callbacks;
	Handle clear;
	Release resource;
	Check if single request is running;
	Check if single request is complete;
	Check if single request is resource set;
	Check if single request is cleared;
	Check if single request is failed;
	Get error drawable;
	Get placeholder drawable;
	Get fallback drawable;
	Load drawable;
	Set error placeholder;
	Process single request single request on size ready;
	Maybe apply size multiplier;
	Can set resource;
	Handle can notify cleared;
	Handle can notify status changed;
	Check if single request is first ready resource;
	Notify load success;
	Notify load failed;
	Process single request single request on resource ready;
	Handle on load failed;
	Check if single request is equivalent to;
	Handle listener count equals;
	Log V

3. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.request.target:  

3. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.samples.flickr:  

3. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.samples.giphy:  

