BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide:  

1.1. Add a class for load bitmap test. It allows to:

	Set load bitmap test;
	Handle clear from request builder as drawable with loaded bitmap does not recycle bitmap;
	Transform load bitmap test from request builder as drawable with loaded bitmap does not recycle bitmap;
	Handle clear from request manager with loaded bitmap does not recycle bitmap;
	Transform load bitmap test from request manager with loaded bitmap does not recycle bitmap;
	Handle clear from request builder with loaded bitmap as bitmap does not recycle bitmap;
	Transform load bitmap test from request builder with loaded bitmap as bitmap does not recycle bitmap;
	Handle load from request manager with bitmap does not load from disk cache;
	Run;
	Handle load from request builder as drawable with bitmap does not load from disk cache;
	Handle load from request builder as drawable with bitmap and strategy before load not from cache;
	Handle load from request builder as bitmap with bitmap does not load from disk cache;
	Handle load from request builder as bitmap with bitmap and strategy before load not from cache;

1.2. Add a class for load drawable test. It allows to:

	Set load drawable test;
	Handle clear with loaded bitmap drawable does not recycle bitmap;
	Transform load drawable test with loaded bitmap drawable does not recycle bitmap;
	Handle load from request manager with bitmap does not load from disk cache;
	Run;
	Handle load from request builder as drawable with bitmap does not load from disk cache;
	Handle load from request builder as drawable with bitmap and strategy before load not from cache;

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.drawable:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.transcode:  

