BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is a degenerate modifier commit: this change set is composed of empty, incidental, and abstract methods. These methods indicate that a new feature is planned. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (.gitignore, checkstyle_suppressions.xml, AndroidManifest.xml, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide:  

1.1. Add a class for fit center regression test. It allows to:

	Set fit center regression test;
	Fit center  with square smaller than image returns image fit within square;
	Fit center  with square larger than image returns upscaled square;
	Fit center  with narrow rectangle fits within maintaining aspect ratio;
	Fit center  with short rectangle fits within maintaining aspect ratio;
	Fit center  with huge rectangle throws OOM;
	Run

1.2. Add a class for rounded corners regression test. It allows to:

	Set rounded corners regression test;
	Handle test rounded corners;
	Handle test rounded corners use pool;
	Handle test rounded corners over rounded;
	Create rect

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.test:  

2.1. Add a class for bitmap regression tester. It allows to:

	Instantiate bitmap regression tester  with test class, test name and test name;
	Get test;
	Get resource name;
	Get class name string;
	Get split  by sdk values;
	Get cpu string;
	Get split by cpu;
	Get sdk int string;
	Get test files dir;
	Write bitmap;
	Write new expected;
	Expected bitmap regression tester

2.2. Add a class for bitmap subject. It allows to:

	Create subject;
	Instantiate bitmap subject  with failure metadata, subject bitmap and subject bitmap;
	Assert drawable;
	Assert bitmap;
	Handle actual custom string representation;
	Get display string;
	Handle same as;
	Check if bitmap subject has dimensions;
	Check if bitmap subject is mutable;
	Check if bitmap subject is immutable;
	Check if bitmap subject is not recycled;
	Check if bitmap subject is not same as

2.3. Add a class for canonical bitmap. It allows to:

	Get bitmap;
	Get scale;
	Get width;
	Get height;
	Decode bitmap

2.4. Add a class for tear down glide. It allows to:

	Apply base statement;
	Evaluate;
	Run

