BUG - FEATURE: <type-ID> 

This is an object creation modifier commit: this change set is composed of factory, constructor, copy constructor and destructor methods, and these methods allow the creation of objects. This commit  includes changes to internationalization, properties or configuration files (codeStyleSettings.xml, .travis.yml, checkstyle.xml, ... ). 
 This change set is mainly composed of:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.integration.okhttp:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.integration.volley:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.data:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.engine:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.bitmap_recycle:  

1. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.cache:  

1.1. Add an object creator class for external cache disk cache factory. It allows to:

	Instantiate external cache disk cache factory  with context;
	Get cache directory

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.engine.prefill:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.model:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.model.stream:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bitmap:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.bytes:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.drawable:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.file:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.gif:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.load.resource.transcode:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.manager:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.module:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.request:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.request.target:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.samples.flickr:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.samples.flickr.api:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.samples.giphy:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.signature:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.testutil:  

2. Changes to package com.bumptech.glide.util:  

