Run full GC periodically to try to fight memory issue with ImageIO objects with large offheap allocations (?)
To be safe, avoid static DateFormat even in single-thread Android context
Added note about dex's issue with post-optimization debug symbol table
Merge About into Help. Clean up Help a little. Auto-translate into common languages.
remove iphone project references for files not (yet) in the tree
prepping for objc merge
Restore some pom settings that were probably not needed after the <site> tag problem was found
Issue #202 correctly report absolute ResultPoint coordinates
Big refactoring of ParsedResult: now split into ResultParser and ParsedResult classes, per Christian's suggestion. This unifies the parsed results that are produced from various input, simplifying client handling of different types.
web.xml can also be removed now
Made the Android test app build with ProGuard again.
Branching the current Android client into an M3 directory so we can proceed with M5 development.
Indentation wtf
Fix slight problem in heuristic for detecting URIs: accept a.singleletterdomainelement.com
Incompatible with Sonatype parent, so try just inlining its few settings
- Converted parts of the PDF 417 reader to use BitMatrix.
Just addin' copyright comments
Add switch to workaround LG Optimus V/S problems by forcing preview to screen size
Also use application context with Toast consistently
Updates for Tomcat 8 on Elastic Beanstalk
Ditch ugly "unknown" icon for standard project icon; tighten up barcode image view settings a little, I believe, by putting them in capture.xml and in dip units
Remove spurious stack trace from singleton exception, and various minor edits
Initial commit of Google Glass GDK app
Use Android 4.2 libs for javadoc
Add auto-translation tool to help update strings with Google Translate. Let it reorder (but not change) existing translations alphabetically by key. Add bulk-scan strings along the way as a test.
Fixed or removed a bunch of TODOs, and enforced the 100 columns limit in a bunch of places. Also allowed QR Codes to be encoded of contacts without names.
Catch another weird crash in Android on bad server response
Enable some additional checkstyle rules
Small cleanup of deprecated API, simpler way to make a pref intent
Revert "Promote RSS blackbox tests to com.google.zxing.oned"
Added support for landscape mode when encoding QR Codes, and made some small layout improvements.
Issue 1126 In vCard, escape comma not colon
More Russian update from Dmitry
Moved CroppedMonochromeBitmapSource into the common package and fixed some more 100 column issues.
Small thing, make log TAGs consistent
Require Android API 19, so fully use Java 7 try-with-resources, as well as a few other Java 7 features. Reduce deprecation warning count in android
Recognize LOCATION in VEVENT
Suppress two Android lint warnings
Style bits on wi-fi code
This is a set of mobile image taken at 480x360 with difficult lighting.
Fixed some sporadic crashes.
Disable Android, proguard, appspot for JDK 9
Obvious corrections in Polish translation
Avoid NPE when no resolver info is available
Attempt to further improve Polish translations
Fix possible NPE from null action
Add Code 93 support. Update tests to reflect new (better) number of successes.
Added unit test for multibyte problem
Fix error when follow RSS product result to Google Shopper
Update to reference latest SDK 19 / Android 4.4
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release javase-2.1
Require Android 2.3 / API 10 for Barcode Scanner. Enable Holo theme and action bar for Android 4.x
Small tweak to last commit and test count, enable explicit conversion everywhere and patch a strange Java 7-only (JIT?) issue
Added the PDF 417 blackbox tests to the test-blackbox Ant target.
Issue #751 fix misparsing of vCard phone vs type in case of blank value or type
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.3.1
Merge pull request #370 from BrunoMioto/patch-1
A little more coverage for PDF417 writer and multi QR code
Workaround for Hotspot bug that lets tests run without -Xint, from Steven Parkes
Apply DoS filter to /chart too, but relax limit
FindBugs inspection -- part of a test commit
Update IntentIntegrator.java
Consolidate date parsing for calendar events. Use human readable dates in app display. Probably haven't broken anything.
Issue 819 don't copy to clipboard if not saving history, when activated by Intent
Updates for BS 4.7.0
Updated the Market URLs we use to conform to:
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-2.2
Made the Android Test app debuggable so I can examine memory allocation patterns using DDMS (part of the Android SDK).
Shorten error response for floods of requests; experiment with testing web components
Improve code coverage in some core classes, plus fix a small BitMatrix bug
Remove obsolete html-zh-rHK symlink
Minor refinements to prep for history change
Merge pull request #560 from lucaswiman/fix_println_race_condition
Implement more style checks around whitespace
Experiment with building Android through Maven
Retire C# port and point to ZXing .NET port. Any late objections?
Update text for next BS version
Bump android/androidtest to 3.0.0 manually
Use nanoTime for elapsed time
Fix unescaping of entities in translator and touch up two typos in BS what's new notes
Try to avoid another clipboard-related NPE
Add result points for UPC EAN metadata extension
Don't close history after clearing one item
Another possible fix for issues between ProGuard and Android's dex -- don't output local var symbols
Tiny clarification to build
Stop redirecting old javadoc links; redirect web pages to HTTPS by default
Putting the final touches on the 1.1 release.
Added 18 real world DataMatrix blackbox images, plus turned on rotation for the original set.
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-parent-2.3.0
Revamp zxing.appspot.com to use maven-gwt-plugin and its conventions
Since preview size will not match preview size in Android 4+ with soft nav bar, prefer large preview that is roughly the right aspect ratio
Add timestamp to result screen
Issue 1330 French fixes from Morgan
By request, let's show a bit of the scanned string when scanning by Intent in the Toast popup
Actually use CheckboxPreference defaults in preferences.xml!
Refactored open() into one method
Update sms: and geo: handling to better respect new RFCs
Issue #1051: to avoid letting user input into logs, sanitize input and/or just remove unimportant log statements in Android, web app
Small Russian translation fix
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release core-2.2
Added overdue EAN-8 tests

Fix QR-code hanzi segment decoder (#1033)
Preliminary RSS-14 support. Not enabled yet in Android client.
Now, can build "ZXingReaderBasic" which does not require JSR-234
Declare minimum Android in this module without an app
>= 0
Updates for Android 4+
Update plugin, dep versions
Added better Google Book Search URL detection and centralized it.
Moved com.google.zxing.client.result from core-ext to core, rewrote it for J2ME, changed javame to use it, and removed core-ext
- Centered the results UI to look better on tablets.
I guess build.xml should have a copyright statement too
Only build Android bits if Android SDK is available as ANDROID_HOME
Fix typos; avoid use of java.util.Date; other small improvements from inspection; deprecate some accidentally-public methods
Update Analytics tag for javadoc too

Fix previous update to PDF417 regarding AS vs AL
Avoid NPE on null phone number
One more time -- rationalize log levels, mostly downward, and pull out 1-2 more statements
core JAR Automatic-Module-Name: com.google.zxing (#1155)
Add new matrix tests in RGBLuminanceSourceTestCase (#757)
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.3.1
Use java.util.Base64 in Java 8+ only, to remove javax.xml.bind dependency in javase, which doesn't exist by default in Java 9
Fixed location of RIM files
Ported and rewrote the Renderer unit test to test QRCodeWriter. We encode several barcodes looking for good behavior, and several others which are compared pixel by pixel to golden results stored in PNGs. I'm happy to say we nail the three images Satoru created to the dot!
Tiny fixes from coverity; fix SuppressWarnings for deprecation; just one Java 7 build now
- Created Barcode Scanner 3.0 beta 1, for Donut and above only.
Minor dep update
Added the external storage permission to fix SD card writing issues and bumped the version to 3.3 beta 1.
Oops, bug from last patch. Need to make the Handler in run()
Created v2.6 final, and added the ability for web apps to launch Barcode Scanner by linking to http://zxing.appspot.com/scan.
CommandLineRunner can now handle URIs again; refactored some duplicated code
Bumped the version to Barcode Scanner 3.21 final.
Handle smaller images in WhiteRectangleDetector
Updates to build on M5
Fixed XML typo in Polish translation file
Update android for 3.3.2-SNAPSHOT parent post 3.3.1 release
Update zxing.appspot.com app to work with latest GCloud SDK
Cleaned up a bunch of TODOs and deleted the old ImageConverter app which has been supplanted by CommandLineRunner.
Add support for JPEG, GIF images from chart server; can request chart.png / chart.jpg / chart.gif now
Minor Spanish fixes from a user
Created Barcode Scanner v4.1 beta 1.
Minor improvements from inspection
Merge schulzch VS support and other cleanup
Make light thresholds less sensitive to avoid rapid on/off on some devices
Fixed a few crashes and added a FIXME for another which needs some refactoring.
ISSUE: http://code.google.com/p/zxing/issues/detail?id=110
Use AsyncTask instead of Thread for cleaner async work handling
Fixed book search browsing
Fix quote problems in French file
Few more pom fixes for new OSS config
More reckless refactoring and code style tweaks -- mostly adding braces around conditional/loops, and using @Override
Roll back to 2.3.0-SNAPSHOT for another attempt
Add GOOGLE_PRODUCT_SEARCH_COUNTRY_TLD
Added 13 new blackbox images.
Added 41 real world UPC-E tests. We need to improve regular decoding here: it gets 17/41, but try harder gets 28/41.
Issue 1409 try to reuse browser tab on Intent reply
android-core can be built even without SDK
Refinements to last change, for history text and newlines
Fix encoding of certain Intents that don't have EXTRA_TEXT or EXTRA_STREAM
Bumped the history DB version for the rare case where there is an entry with the old RSS14 format string.
Add comments about variables
More PDF417 test cases
Issue #127 : fix typo in table of PDF417 punctuation chars
Updates for version 0.1.1
Committing Jeff's latest for ISSUE-238. May still be an issue with international properties?
MVN plugin version update
One updated Slovak string from Laurent.
remove spacing from head of polynomial string (#1032)
Use ARGB when on/off colors are not opaque
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release android-integration-2.0
Checked in the ZXing Test app for Android under androidtest. This application exercises all the intents we support including scanning, encoding, and searching books. It also has a special camera mode which saves greyscale images to the SD card which I use to generate blackbox images.
Refactored the MonochromeBitmapSource class hierarchy into LuminanceSource, Binarizer, and BinaryBitmap classes. The unit tests pass and I believe the change is complete, but there are some clients like J2ME and Bug that I can't build.
Possible fix from Acer for case where camera is not closed ?
Added two more UPC-A blackbox images submitted by the community.
Issue 246, add Italian translation (and standardize spacing of strings.xml files)
Removing android-m3 since it is no longer in active development (but we have it in SVN of course)
Added a method "onSaveInstanceState()" in HelpActivity.java
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-2.2
Add support encoding UPC-E format
Only run jacoco on Travis builds
Russian fix from Dmitry Parfenov
Fixed a bad build target, and added two missing packages.
Issue 1823: fix handling of initial alt Codabar char, and improve tests
Misc. small updates for 0.1.4
Additional release changes for next time
Make font sizes more consistent in the app
Proposed fix for Issue #836 - height and width parameters ignored when barcode_format is DATA_MATRIX (#933)
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release core-2.0
Added preliminary support for MobileTag formats; not enabled yet.
Added unittest for PDF417 encoder using ISO-8859-1 with special chars
Improve wifi message and return to scan after; a few string cleanups too
"Inline" library jars passed to ProGuard to avoid issues with path names with space on Windows
Issue 1404 show result correctly from history in bulk mode
Edits from Shiyuan Guo
Update glass version, some plugins
Handle null WifiManager
Use HTTPS for all zxing.org / zxing.appspot.com links
Being paranoid -- what if model string is null?
Issue 800 contributed translation change
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Move gh-pages branch into docs/, fix/overhaul site gen and javadoc, and regenerate site for 3.2.2-SNAPSHOT
gitignore iphone build artifacts
Closes #610 : avoid AIOOBE in pure-barcode mode for obviously wrong case
Update to python27, HRD in App Engine. Fix compile of GWT project and remove use of deprecated time picker. Add pom target to build GWT app via Ant.
Minor changes to build from first run at 3.0.0 release
Check more directly for Shopper; saw a strange ActivityNotFoundException here
Remove Android v4 intent support
Touch up javadoc target
Completed some modest tweaks to new Data Matrix code based on IntelliJ suggestions
Avoid deprecated ListBox constructor
Don't set FPS in main BS app, as it was for Glass and there is now a specialized Glass app
Issue #166 consume ECI in PDF417; still need to use it
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-parent-2.3.0
Fix class description
Remove some unused stuff
Issue #67 : Avoid rare AIOOBE on PDF417 misread
Now can turn light on/off with volume buttons
Specify allowed EAN extensions as a hint.
Move resources to match Maven standard directory structure
C# port, add datamatrix code
Unbroke the app after the big subpackage reshuffle of '09:
Last updates to build files
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
This is the first version of the ZXing Android client.
Slightly better app filtering
Added setManualCameraId() and amended openDriver()
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-parent-2.3.0
Type weakening and dead code commenting again
Fixed a typo in the Android build file.
asterisk isn't a valid character and should not be encoded as content with Code 39. (#872)
Fixed the Android client when using ProGuard. The ViewfinderView constructor is loaded dynamically by the XML view inflation code, which requires explicitly preserving it.
Added a new blackbox test with extreme shadows and highlights. We do pretty poorly on this, but I've been experimenting with local thresholding algorithms which are a night and day improvement.
Better fix, get the scm repo location right
Fix order
Added androidtest to the top-level clean target and set it up for ProGuard too. Made both Android builds depend on clean so they work when switching between normal and ProGuard builds, and made install and reinstall use the latest binary instead of recompiling.
Add basic site generation for zxing.github.io
Improvement from issue 309
Fixed the ZXing Test camera mode when using ProGuard.
Add a few more uses-features that describe the app better
More encoding related changes for encoding Chinese chars in QR codes
Update to 1.2.1
Set up for app 4.7.6
Small speedups in time-related code
Added BarcodeFormat to Result, indicating what type of barcode was detected. Added TRY_HARDER hint. Improved logicalness of results when reading UPC-A code / EAN-13 code starting with 0.
Changes for compatibility with SDK 9 / Android 2.3
Minor dependency and inspection changes
Update Android Maven plugin
Avoid auto translation of langauges that are just symlinks. Use Java 7 file APIs more.
Remove Amazon results, per request
Fix small corner case errors from crash logs
New profile to limit memory usage in Travis
Update appspot app version to 11 and deploy
Created Barcode Scanner v4.11 beta 1 based on CL 2284.
Update ZXingTest to use Holo theme; requires Android 2.3.3
Fix Issue 978, bad Brazil/Bulgaria mapping. Also add a new framework for auto-translating HTML assets.
Bumped the Android client version to 3.1 beta 1 and wrote up release notes.
Attempt to plug some odd recent force closes
Added ProGuard
Swallow another weird Android HTTP lib exception; use the proper IOException constructor now that we're on API 9+; don't log unuseful messages about obscure errors
Clean up some javadoc warnings
Translation fixes from Evgeny Kozdoba
Catch weird openConnection() NPE in Android
Tighten definition of what's accepted as a URI, to exclude some potentially malicious ones
Safer check for Build SDK; restrict Behold II workaround to Cupcake, per Samsung
Also bump pom to 4.6.5
Guava 18
Whats new in 4.4
Adding strings converted using Google Translate.  Feeling bad about all the Engrish jokes I made in the past.
Polish updates from Łukasz
These state-sensitive methods ought to be synchronized, at least to ensure memory is written back immediately
Try retaining Android SDK tools/source.properties
Update plugins
Issue 1046 better Hungarian strings
Defensive change against late callbacks; not clear it's actually any issue
Changed for 0.5.5
Use JCommander for CommandLineEncoder args
Try to work around devices whose calendar app only responds to EDIT, not INSERT Intent
Added a few computer-generated PDF 417 barcodes to the blackbox tests. The current code doesn't seem to handle more advanced error correction modes.
Update maven android plugin to new groupID
Updates for 0.4
Extra test image from Christoph
Swallow Android clipboard bug (?)
Updated translations from Randy Shen.
Add ECI segment whenever encoding is explicitly given, even when it's the default encoding
- Added the version number to the about box in a robust way which will not get stale.
Partial fix for #679: UPC/EAN min quiet zone is 9 modules for encoding
Update BufferedImageLuminanceSource.java
Add codeset A support to Code 128 (#877)
Retrieve Amazon product info. Add explicit privacy/license help. Update What's New for 4.3.2
Fix other Java 8 javadoc warnings
Correct size of array in ITFWriter (#756)
add rss tests to the default blackbox test target
Remove WTK dependency which added little and only made life hard for mac users
Reverted accidental build changes.
- Added support for xlarge screens to handle tablets and disable compatibility mode.
Turns out we do not need write-contact permission to add a contact by Intent, and do not need wake-lock for wifi in Android 2.x
Actually add subject/body per GeoSixPack
Add a double-check for null SurfaceHolder
Removed defunct "not our results" message; results are delivered inline now and are marked with source
Fix up parents and bump Glass version
Misc changes suggested by lint/code inspection
New HTML edits from Joseph, and added a fading edge to the WebView to make it more obvious that there is more content the user can scroll to.
Worked around a bug in Android 1.0 with using gravity and padding at the same time, which broke the Share UI.
Issue 521, avoid an NPE
Plugin updates, including ones that enable Java 10 build compatibility
Issue 740 user-suggested patch to return bytes
Few more fixes to how tests are run
Guess at avoiding an NPE reported by a user
Guava 17
Finally, make sure android.jar now isn't built into / dexed into .apks
Use Guava in web app
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Avoid another NPE on null ResultPoint
Adding the actionscript3/Flex conversion of the zxing library plus a demo app.
Issue #118 (supplemental) Fix logic error on a null encoding
Updates for 4.7.2
[android] Website, Birthday and Nickname fields
Add more tests to better cover DataMatrix, Maxicode decoding
Work around site deployment config, and work around git 1.8 problem with new scm plugin
Issue #38 : Add minimum FPS to be safe
Added a reflective UPC-E unit test. We cannot decode any of these silver on silver barcodes.
Update deps including Guava 20; use switch in pref to chained if-else for slightly more consistent style
Issue 1067 and more. Add "VALUE=DATE" to encoding of all-day dates. Don't pretend end was specified in original barcode if not present. However for benefit of Android Calendar apps, use +1 hour/day end time for missing end. Fix some error messages in appspot generator too.
Oops, make sure to XML-escape results
Remove Thumbs.db from gitignore
Update plugins; credit for Ukrainian translations
Bumped Barcode Scanner version to 3.5 final.
Blacklist Evo too for camera issue
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-2.2
Improved history function
Update GPG plugin
Handle case of null result point (?) from PDF417
Commit additional check for null as suggested on discussion group
Plugin updates
Added icon
Acer's Turkish changes
Don't build source, javadoc in Travis
Remove empty click handler and make sure install dialog is cancelable
Add dependency convergence check
Now makes sure JDK 1.4 / WTK are present. No longer requires Unix-style wc binary, so runs on Windows
More German updates from Malte, Swedish updates from professional translation
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
+ comments, >=0, IllegalStateException
Issue #217: copy result metadata (like EAN extension) even when return EAN-13 as UPC-A
Corrected Spanish "<history_empty_detail>".
Port r1623 changes to C++
Issue 1143: enable Codabar after improved decoding avoids false positives
French fix from Morgan
Javadoc fixes
Findbugs 2.5.4
Partial fix for #679: add check digit if absent in UPC-A/E EAN-13/8 encoding, and reject those with invalid check digit
Put version number in Help, fix some HTML entity problems, make version "beta 1"
Final changes for Barcode Scanner 3.52.
Update for 0.2
Issue 979 small user contributed French fix
Display possible country origin info on product scan
- Added Joseph's excellent supermarket checkout beep. There seems to be a bug in the M3 framework where it sometimes plays twice or hiccups.
Oops, fix RIM build script to not depend on old "javame-basic" target
Issue 1275 French tweak
Remove "share via" label -- redundant in later Android
Update non-core Java code to Java 7. Core/Android needs to stay on Java 6.
Now builds release .zip which puts all files into one containing directory, for convenience
Switch from java8 profile to simple java.version param
Reintroduce basic DoS filter in web app
Issue 820 second format info was read incorrectly
Add description support, as well as handle VEVENT line continuation. Get rid of unused 'title' property
between case-ind fs and recursive includes, osx is confused
A bunch of inspection changes, including some dead code removal and tightening visibility, removing unnecessary casts
Issue 1151 Danish updates
More translation fixes from Randy Shen.
Bump plugin version
Update to work with GWT 1.7
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
A pile of changes from proper static analysis for nullability issues, with full annotations.
Update plugins, dependencies, and clean up small code inspection issues
Minor changes from inspection
Made Barcode Scanner builds runs clean first to prevent stale resources and build problems related to the state ProGuard leaves the class files in.
More coverage for Code93/39 writers, and for multiple barcode detection
French translation
Added a variable for Google Web Toolkit to the globabl build.properties.
Made upgrades load the What's New page, while new installs load the default help page. Also bumped the version to 3.21 beta 1.
Small addendum to last Finnish update
Correct Hungarian translation
Updated with the latest version of the library. Uses MultiFormatReader instead of QRCodeReader. DataMatrixReader is still not supported.
Added Google Analytics
Update plugins and generates hashes in build
Danish fixes from rasmussch
Fix %s problem in Japanese string
Issue 1775 Slovakian update
Moved one file back to the ITF directory because it should be readable.
Try to re-add fragment support
Add VERSION:3.0 to vCard encoding
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.0.1
Remove 2 unused Android app strings
fix c++ matrix parsing; closes Issue 1464
Remove proguard-jar as it is no longer needed by any modules now that Android integrations Proguard.
Added 55 EAN-13 real world test images. For mobile we get 49/55 of these, 55/55 with try harder.
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release javase-2.0
Point to new docs location at zxing.github.io and stop deploying javadoc to zxing.org
Issue 1638 support for several URLs in contact info, and some incidental test cleanup too
Optionally use explict luminance conversion instead of AWT builtin conversion
Minor changes from inspection
Update What's New for 4.3
Added send barcode feature
Make "Google Shopper" translation a little more consistent
Fix argLine for jacoco, and update to war plugin 3.0.0
Closes #262 : fix parsing of Data Matrix with dimension >= 144
Many changes to the C++ port.
Minor inspection stuff
Typo fix
Move GridSampler into common package and refactor to ready it for use with Data Matrix
The new Android client, featuring:
Updates for 0.6; set aside a different android-m3-home variable for android-m3 build
Merge miscellaneous additional changes from my near-identical version of hiding text while encoding QR codes: redact menu bar title, and some javadoc improvements in Intents
More Issue 1067 - go back to original behavior - user chooses inclusive end date for all day events and app will compensate. End-less events have 0 duration by default.
Issue 1716 adjust Slovakian translation
Misc fixes from Lachezar
Android apps should be on 3.0.2-SNAPSHOT now
More test cases from Enrique G. S.
Don't use parallel Maven build on Travis
Update javadoc plugin
Many more changes from recent IJ inspections
Remove unused commons-io
Don't use String.isEmpty() -- bizarrely, some versions of Android don't have this method
And some final fixes to the top build script
String of zero polynomial be "0" (#1020)
+ comments, >=0
Added Portuguese translation of the Android client from Randy Shen of Acer.
Add support for tel: URIs
Catch a few more SQLExceptions in HistoryManager
Small updates from code inspection
Add minimal javadoc to all classes (and enforce with checkstyle); minor refactoring to of array sum code
Update for 4.3.1
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release android-integration-2.1
Promote RSS blackbox tests to com.google.zxing.oned
Closes issue #539 : handle relative files again
Reinstate more optimization, but avoid disagreement with dex by properly disabling the controversial optimizations: field and method merging, mostly
Remove unnecessary lazy init of QR code GF classes, and avoid accessing null field during construction
Another protection against early view calls before camera init (issue 1254)
Allow 1280x720 preview but leave reticle same size
Make sure to include androidtest and android-integration
Fix typo in excludes file
Deleted the old ean13-2 test data which contained high resolution blurry images. These are not the focus of ZXing and not worth testing against. I'm going to replace them shortly with more relevant test images.
Fix printing of FPS ranges in log messages
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-2.3.0
Fixed missing "Send SMS" button in Android client. We showed the SMS number but were unable to launch the SMS app without this.
Avoid caching build's generated JARs every time
Pull project component dependency versions into parent
Remove last usages of Runnable/Timer in favor of AsyncTask
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-2.2
Fix small compile error in javame/, update for Java ME SDK 3.x layout, finally disentangle Proguard location from WTK
No need to save state in HelpActivity
Drastic -- remove parent pom as it seems to make the release process fail
OK, issue 303, work around different Behold 2 setting
Issue #914: increase heuristic to allow version 11-20 in non-try-harder mode
Fix tiny java 8 javadoc warnings
Closes issue #540 : handle file paths with space
Run tests with -Xint to work around weird JIT bug in Java 6, which causes ArithmeticException failure in a few QR code tests
Forgot formatted="false"
Fill 5/8 of screen dimensions with reticle, a small increase
Update for Android API 18, latest SDK
Merge pull request #412 from strguntbr/multibyteFix
For safety, make optimized round method consistent with Math.round for negative input too
Issue 1187 Better still use the artifacts that are now available in Maven central
Made the final changes for Barcode Scanner 3.01.
Changes from code inspection
Update .gitignores everywhere for IDEA files, etc
trying to cleanup/stabalize the xcode settings, remove a few deprectations, and plug some small leaks
Switched back to the one shot preview mechanism and lowered the beep volume a bit.
Fix Codacy warnings
Make web app work on Servlet/JSP 2.3/1.2 and fix some other mistakes
Remove progress dialog to avoid rare exception
Issue #795: avoid sorting preview sizes
Update proguard plugin to 2.0.13
Add redirect to Qt / QZXing port in place of symbian/
Added source code to zxing.org
reflect the ant->mvn changes in the gitignore config
Bump to BS 4.5.2
Shipped Barcode Scanner 3.1 final.
Issue 1254 guess at what may be an NPE in here
Correctly parallelize AsyncTask threading on Honeycomb and beyond
Issue 1256 Avoid crash clearing Empty message
Bandages for misc. exceptions seen in the wild
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxingorg-2.2
Fixed a bug in geo coordinate display, where we were always tacking on "deg N" and "deg E", which doesn't make sense. Really, N/S/E/W needs to be determined by sign, and the sign removed for W and S. However, since none of that can be translated easily, I removed it, and we now just print lat, long which is an acceptable standard.
Remove explicit Central ref; move jarsigner config to pluginManagement
Issue 923 user supplied patch to remember supplemental info in history
Update project site references to Github
Update plugins
Issue #52 : add AUTHORS credit and touch up some whitespace
Also allow continuous-video mode
Oops, appears I accidentally committed a typo -- addressing that
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-2.2
Fix some issues flagged by Coverity static analysis
Replace FP math faked in integers with plain floating-point math
Apps shouldn't refer to a SNAPSHOT as they are not released in the same way. Refer to last stable build.
Added 17 real world Code 39 images to our unit tests. We decode all 17, upside down and right-side up.
Allowed non-autofocus devices to see the app in Market, and updated the docs and version accordingly.
This URL seems dead, removing the test
Handle null erasures correctly
Issue 1111 Spanish fixes
Fix problem blocking access to javadoc
Use new oss-parent 9
As far as I know, should be OK to express that we target 2.3.x but support 2.1
No need for coverity config in main branch
Add Fragment-friendly integration and bump requirement to Android 4.0 to build (not to use) since that's the only thing available in Maven beyond 2.x
Updated the version to 3.4 beta 2.
Closes Issue #37 : don't respond to (invalid?) UPC-E codes that aren't 8 digits
Warn about using Google product results
Don't hold on to cursor for whole BookmarkPickerActivity lifecycle as it may become stale
Catch more exceptions in web app and update site skin
Code39 extended mode encoding support (#876)
Release file needs a version prop now
Fixed a crash with using SCAN_FORMATS - Pattern.split() does not like null as an argument.
Looks like -allowaccessmodification to ProGuard results in a bogus binary. It compiles, but the Dalvik verifier rejects it at runtime. I'm removing this flag for now, which means we lose inlining on some important getters and setters.
More Japanese updates from Satoshi K.
Drastic measures: make *all* optional camera params disabled by default to appease some bad devices. And even make the default disabled in the code, not just XML.
Issue 325, 327
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release android-integration-2.2
Lint cleanup
Committing some changes for next release in advance
Added include-sources field to ant build script
Little bug fix affecting QR Codes that run all the way to the left/top edge of an image
Reject non-HTTP URIs
One more change to release build file
Avoid parallel gwt build in Travis
Another typo fix in Turkish strings
Closes issue #806: bad encodation switch in non-ASCII DataMatrix encodation (credit micjahn)
Directory Bug (#1046)
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-3.1.0
Optimize generating BufferedImage by allocating memory per row. Add tests. Remove old jetty plugin.
Better zoom utility method, and FPS method that doesn't always pick the highest FPS, and that can be given a min/max FPS
Infrastructure for automated torch on based on ambient light (not turned on yet)
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.3.3
Now fails if ProGuard can't run
add Farsi Help files
Remove 2 unnecessary wi-fi permissions; thread configuration and wait for wi-fi to enable
Made a bunch of improvements to QVGA layouts.
Make text more easily scrollable
Bump SNAPSHOT to 3.3.0 for next release
objective c port for iOS and OS X
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.0.0
Update jar plugin
Move to servlet 3.0 file upload handling and annotations
Improved Dutch Translation
Apparent fix for issue 383 / Moment + Android 2.1 issue
Suppress most deprecation warnings due to old camera API; remove call to old cookie manager
For 3.0.0, retire iphone/, cpp/, objc/ and remove temporary pointers in csharp/, qt/
Check if characters are digits for EAN_13, EAN_8, ITF and UPC_EAN_EXTENSION (#1039)
Catch rare SecurityException when accessing HTTP
Update LocaleManager
Issue 112
Add icon to app picker
Added some log statement to help track down Acer issue
Implement support for WPA2 Enterprise (EAP) (#865)
Retire actionscript
Add back symlinks at proguard config name that Android build expects
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-2.2
Added first cut at script to build a Blackberry client -- does not yet seem to work.
Make sure cancel is handled properly in a few cases, where app must exit after dialog
Fix possible strange NPE on EncodeActivity
Running underneath the dialer doesn't work. Quit the app if leaving to dial a number.
Move RGBLuminanceSource to core/
Remove lang3 dependency as Guava can take over its one usage
Issue 987 chop down most of the wi-fi functionality so that it triggers the network change and moves on; seems much less fragile in the face of Android device strangeness
Czech translation from Richard Hřivňák
Finnish updates from Olli
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.1.0
Issue #300 : simplify X12 encodation at end of input stream to fix unlatch issue. HT micjahn
Changed the project names for the two Android clients to disambiguate them.
Escape value in custom search URL
updated Italian from Diego
Changes from lint inspection
Issue 1374 more Slovak updates
Fixes to Spanish translation
Fixed the Google Shopper button remaining visible after scanning a product, and bumped the version to 3.5 beta 1.
Issue 1395 Slovak updates from Laurent
couple more iOS 6 tweaks: missing build archs and no rotatation in the sample apps
Bumping to 3.0 alpha 2 to reflect the new history feature.
More rational sizing of reticle (max size 50% of screen dimension) but also allow larger reticles to accomodate very high res new devices like the S4
Update CHANGES and android app for 3.3.1
C++ 1D/cleanup first pass
More stuff in response to static inspection
First take on Guenther's updates for PDF417. Still need to investigate test suite #2 failures
Merge pull request #441 from gredler/pdf417-error-correction-level
Issue 863: add limited support for VALUE=uri in vCard
Made some changes for Ice Cream Sandwich and bumped the version
Preliminary release changes for 4.3.2
More misc inspection stuff
Closes issue #518 : build assembly jar for javase to include dependencies like jcommander now. Also updates some plugins.
Update reference server.xml for Tomcat at zxing.org
Minor updates to nickname / birthday result changes
Work around enum + proguard + dex problem
Make sure checkboxes are enabled correctly on first load
Allow selection of larger preview size; keep max reticle size the same
Don't use Build.VERSION_CODES as it's not in 1.5
Avoid Toast that won't go away by posting on UI thread
Merge pull request #101 from zxing/FragmentIntentIntegrator
And back out Spring framework update down to 4.x
Issue 787 inactivity timer battery check
Update strings.xml
Updated for 0.4.5
Fix some camera-related crashes on 3.71 that we may need to also put out a back-ported fix for
Fix unescaped apostrophe in French translation
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing.appspot.com-2.2
Downgrade to Spring Framework 4 for Java 7
Remove values-iw to make it a symlink to values-h
Add stateAlwaysHidden to keep soft keyboard away
Use includeantruntime=false to avoid Ant 1.8 warning
A bit more work to get every URL working exactly as it has been
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of javase-2.2
ZXing on Symbian using OpenC++ (currently only Qr decoder)
Issue 274, for consideration
Dmitry Parfenov's updates
Auto translation of latest string
Supplement for #271 to deprecate alternative min/max size hint
Issue 1392 log and warn about bad return URLs
Merge pull request #61 from ColinxLLC/master
Remove stray quote from Greek
Added missing Slovakian string from Laurent.
Try to respect silent ringer setting
Add new endpoint at /w/chart that mimics http://chart.apis.google.com/chart QR code encoder API. To be deployed shortly to zxing.org
Skip javadoc for Android apps, always
PDF417Writer shouldn't ignore ERROR_CORRECTION hint
Dutch updates from Martijn
Added a new build-optimized target to core for applications which want the library to be optimized but don't want to run ProGuard themselves against the entire app.
Refactor PlanarYUVLuminanceSource into core/
Render groupings of packages in javadoc
Fix Tomcat rendering issues and redirect
Closes #912
Tiny differences to back port from review of diff with BS Plus
Minor dep updates
And fix @{argLine} syntax for non-Jacoco builds
C++ port:
Added .gitattributes to define how git handles the line endings
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Update release target to separate test data, and to exclude build artifacts
Fix up history output, make it an email attachment, save to SD card too; avoid spurious error when output dir already exists.
More safe mode, and, add a setting to disable exposure to work around bad devices
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Overhaul unit tests to include more test cases, and begin to establish a decent framework for these black-box tests.
Better German translation for new feature pref
Update JAI ImageIO for JDK 9; other trivial inspection and plugin updates
ISSUE: http://code.google.com/p/zxing/issues/detail?id=110
Avoid weird NPE observed in 4.3.2
Improved GridSampler API -- no need for reflection anymore. Reintroduced Android GridSampler implementation, which still doesn't quite work yet.
Explicitly don't require touchscreen, wifi, autofocus -- think Market was assuming touchscreen/wifi due to permissions
Added basic support for using CaptureActivity from other activities
Update plugins (now requires Maven 3.2); fix javadoc warning
Fix typo in Norwegian translation (#918)
Fix unescaped quote in new translation and make translator escape quotes going forward
Added build-optimized target to produce optimized core.jar; tests now test optimized version; also removed the dependency from core to MIDP 2.0 as it was just depending on silly IllegalStateException
Added ITF-14 decoder from Kevin. Not enabled yet as we need to think a bit about how to handle this first. Also, the unit tests aren't passing for me but are for Kevin so I have commented them for the moment.
Add invert scan option
Another paranoid attempt to avoid Wildfire problem
Tiny speedups
Closes issue #517 : crude email validator in encoder web app should not restrict last domain element to 6 chars. "foo@bar.marketing" should be fine
Properly escape MECARD reserved chars
Try caching Android SDK locally
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
QRCode Encoder: Support NUMERIC/ALPHANUMERIC Mode in Shift_JIS
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.3.2
Commit share app functionality for broader testing and comments
Remove exception on re-setting manual camera ID; this is fine and needed  for an activity handling multiple Intents
Update some pom.xml stuff
Remove unneeded .gitignore, and unneeded libs copy step for Android targets. Update plugins. Fix javadoc warning / checkstyle problem.
fix code93 extended character decoder (#1101)
Redirect to https://zxing.org directly, and touch up a build warning
Make optimization of core.jar as a library more conservative -- no shrinking, obfuscation
Issue 460, auto timeout of CaptureActivity after inactivity, for testing. Also break out some code from CaptureActivity to reduce its size.
Tiny enhancement -- make sure we don't include any hidden files like .nfs files in releases
Made another fix for the Samsung Galaxy, and bumped the version to 2.92.
Fix up .gitignore to ignore generated dirs, and remove generated dirs from git
Try again to introduce one parent pom for all modules
Issue #142 : fix escaping of %f / %t
Update master for next Android app release
Changes for 4.6.4
Points apps to new 3.2.1 release
Fixed duplicated assertion (#1072)
Back-port option to open web pages automatically. Off by default; use with caution.
Drop debugging code from UPCEWriter (#803)
Merge branch 'master' of https://github.com/zxing/zxing
Correctly identify file upload in multipart and only parse the first file upload
Android modules need to express their dependencies on core/android-integration
Don't crash on unsupported barcode format like CODE_93
Issue 370, allow custom response URLs
Notify users of Behold II and Pulse that the device has known bugs
Spell checker fixes, narrowed scope / made less visible where possible. Little stuff
Update plugins/deps, fix bug in base64 decoding
Use zxing.org encoder in next version of zxing.appspot.com
Turned on ITF support in the Android client, and fixed a bug in the ITF result points, which by convention should draw across the whole body of the barcode, not just the start range.
Update strings.xml
Whoops, IntelliJ generated the standard Google header instead of the ZXing one.
Added overload: open(cameraId)
Better web app logging and checkstyle update
More work on RIM client
Final changes for Barcode Scanner 3.2.
Improvements and refinements to web site
Finished work on the local binarizer and renamed it to HybridBinarizer. It uses the old histogram for 1D and the new approach for 2D. The unit tests don't fully demonstrate how much better this is in real-world lighting, but it pretty much solves the situation of pointing at a QR Code for 30 seconds without scanning, due to a shadow or gradient.
Reimplement History as a simple activity instead of dialog; add ability to delete one entry with a long press
Translation updates from NTN
Tiny improvement -- 'clean' target should remove generated javadoc
Typo fix
[iphone/barcodes] added french internationalization. Splash screen not localized yet
Handle invalid VIN-like data in Code 39 barcodes
Build entirely using local Android SDK to move beyond Android 4.1
Fix Aus/Ein for On/Off in German
Bumped version to 4.0 final and fixed Finnish translation which broke the build.
Fix minor NPE on item detail update
Further attacks on the mysterious TCP CLOSE_WAIT issue
Rollback 2.2-SNAPSHOT version change from release process
Changes for Barcode Scanner 3.53 beta 1.
Added a new feature to the test app, which captures all the device info and default camera parameters, then bundles them up into an email. This will make it very easy to get some important info about new devices from users (e.g. the HTC Hero which I don't have).
Remove unnecessary branch in CameraManager
Update uk language
Disable checkstyle check
Add optional workaround for devices that support continuous focus but badly, and enable it to be conservative
Add proguard optimizer support. Switch to compile against WTK class files and target version 1.2 class file output, to possibly fix compatibility issues.
More pom changes - may need later plugin versions to proceed
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-parent-2.3.0
update japanese strings.xml
Slightly increase max preview size, preclude very small preview sizes unless no other choice, properly favor large preview sizes in general and correctly prioritize on aspect ratio in all cases
Issue 1215 clear a little redundant code
Rename/rearrange old locale names to standard ones
Finnish updates from Jukka
Issue 1683 Russian changes
Update plugins, deps
remove CRLF files before readding them (in an attempt to not confuse SVN with EOL stuff)
Issue 1096 typo fix
Add support for reading a flipped image to accommodate front cameras
Additional fix for issue #300 (HT micjahn)
Add v4 support JAR to javadoc to let it complete without warning
Issue 294, add support for several address lines in parsed results
Turkish updates from Acer
Merged revisions 378,380,382 via svnmerge from 
Update Guava, SLF4J, Commons FileUpload and GWT versions
Deal with case of no block list
Tack on a little more logging for debugging assistance
Use jar packaging
Many more little tweaks from IntelliJ inspections
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Added a Google Shopper icon to the result buton for products and ISBNs.
Issue 1390 updated Japanese strings from hosigumayuugi
Closes #909
Minor dependency updates, including Guava
Prettify scan result screen, I think
Issue 1825. PDF417Reader can't modify the image. When it doesn't, it actually reduces the number of images that pass unfortunately.
Increase appspot app version to 10
Reject responses whose content type isn't image/* early
Update Maven config and advance to v2.2
Closes #707 : also copy to clipboard in bulk scan mode
Disable strangely flaky test for now
Add basic test case for ITFWriter (#758)
Further specify Android release settings in Maven profile
Minor changes from code inspection results
Avoid NPE on null action
Only invoke GWT tools if gwt.sdk is defined
Back out bnd plugin update
I keep forgetting that you can't use the normal IOException constructor in old Android
Use AsyncTask in network, supplemental info task. Fix product search scrape.
Revamp protection against flood of requests; minor related tweaks
Catch odd IAE from HTTP connection -- bad URI?
More drastic changes to prevent CLOSE_WAIT - defensive socket settings, ban a troublesome IP
Updates for XE16 compatibility.  XE16 was released in April 2014 and replaced XE12 from December 2013.  XE16 changes the way voice triggers are set up.  They now require a permission in the manifest and use a different trigger syntax.
Commit Dmitry's Russian update for him
Fixed a typo in our golden results.
Added 'T' as a shortcut to toggle debug method tracing using android.os.Debug and traceview for analysis. The traces are written to /sdcard, which means the SD Card must not be mounted as a volume by USB at the time. Tracing can slow down decoding by a factor of 5 or more but gives very useful insights into where the time is going.
(Committed old pom updates along the way)
Add fancy Java 7 javadoc generation
Modified WhiteRectangleDetector
Indentation wtf
Reduced ProGuard passed from 7 to 4 since there was no additional benefit.
Added one missing translation
Reworked the false positives unit tests to track each rotation separately, and to allow new tests to be added. I also removed four images which are going to live in another test.
More of Lachezars changes to integrate support-v4 support
pom changes I believe are necessary to get this into oss.sonatype.org correctly
Minor plugin, dependency updates
Another change for Issue 112
Issue #71 : add error message if custom search URL is invalid
Probably much better fix that Lachezar spotted -- LDPI layout wasn't correctly updated by me
GWT 2.6.1
Updates for 0.2.1
Work around a weird NPE inside the clipboard library
Do not broadcast the intent
Update to Junit 4.10
Add caching of Maven artifacts to Travis CI build
Fix bug on clicking through to search after an RSS expanded product scan
Handle empty string as null in many cases
Suggested fix from Android team for unofficial calendar API - all day event start must be sent in GMT
Enable android and androidtest as modules in the unified Maven build now
Go back to 75% reticle size
Might as well call the next version Barcode Scanner 3.6, but I'll squeeze in a few more changes first.
Proguard 5.2
Put URL, birthday in notes as there's not a better place for them by Intent
make VC++ happy with pdf417
Update jacoco plugin
Issue 993 more zh-tw translation updates
Avoid exception when someone scans a file:/// URL barcode. And don't process it.
Unblacklist the Behold 2 since I think we're working around its problem; list the Desire due to busted Contact app
Remove glass, androidtest apps
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.3.0
Remove home-grown binary search function in PDF417Common
Ensure share clipboard sends String not SpannableText
Touch up whitespace and other small issues from inspection
Parallelize black box tests
Merge pull request #189 from mmhelm/bugfix/188--QRCodeBlackBox5TestCase
Issue 511
Indentation wtf
Closes Issue #607 : guard against very narrow images which would otherwise cause an exception
Maybe avoid one more NPE
Final changes for 4.5.1 (not 4.6)
Minor style tweaks
minor C++ build tweaks
Update jai-imageio license; remove unneeded gwt-servlet dep; update clirr
Possible small fix for missing external-libs-folder issue
Forced the Android client to only decode the existing 7 formats, thereby excluding ITF for the time being.

Finally actually fix the Code-128 bug and add tests
Don't beep/vibrate when choosing item from history
Issue 1079 return metadata like byte segments and more in Intent extras; add raw bytes to intent integrator code
cleaned up versions of new tests; hopefully no EOL issues
Updated the version to 3.4 beta 3, and removed the reinstall target, making the install target do either.
Added Finnish and Dutch translations.
Add back site plugin config and <developers> to satisfy OSS sonatype check and versions plugin
[iphone] now decoders need to be injected into ZXingWidgetController to enhance performance when only a few readers are needed. One exc bad access bug solved. A few minor bugs remain in ScanTest. 1st status bar does not reappear when success of scan. this one should be easy to fix. 2nd ScanTest does not display the results when scan success for the first time, but only second time. This second bug is strange
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration

[maven-release-plugin] prepare release core-2.1
Renamed core OSGi bundle to "ZXing"; removed "level=" attribute on <jar> tasks since it singlehandly introduces a depence on Ant 1.7 and doesn't buy much. OS X for example does not ship with Ant 1.7 yet.
Closes #467 : more efficient construction of BufferedImage from bit matrix
Fix a formatting problem on smaller device
Minor style changes, streamline Aztec detector and CommandLineRunner slightly
Fix travis config issue
Issue 1044 maybe avoid NPE in onDraw() before CaptureActivity.onResume()
moved ProGuard optimization into Android build file since it's the only way to fully optimize the final build product (inlining of key methods). Also always dump proguard results.
Adjust optimization options: make sure to actually exclude more unused code, but keep what Android client needs; this means tests have to run against unoptimized version
Fixed error key in doPost() (#887)
Update plugins; fix logging of uploaded file name
Two javadoc-related typo fixes before release
improved the presentation of the decoded information
Tweak blackpoints estimates for internal black blocks. Closes Issue 1012.
make CI build faster
Add test config to pom.xml
Log final camera params
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-2.2
Use StringWriter to prevent race condition in println
Issue 679 allow much more history
Add unit tests. Add VCardResultParser. Refactor DoCoMoResultParser.
Closes #557 : Remove refs to Browser.BookmarkColumns which isn't in  API 23 / 6.0
More FindBugs changes as part of test
Merge pull request #343 from nathbenjwolf/master
Issue 924 avoid encoding duplicate fields
Closes Issue #27 : add basic character set ECI support in PDF417
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.3.3
Added javadoc target
User-submitted translation update
Added a null check for relative points (#1096)
Oops, use 5 passes of optimization
Revert "minSize from provided sizes"
Issues 155.2 -- add %f for format
Remove hard-coded colors as step towards importing Holo theme; remove borders to match Holo
Fixed a few more extractPureBits() gotchas that came up, and added a couple tests for UPC-E
Update strings.xml
Add QRCode lenient diagonal check (#906)
Group and label share/wi-fi permissions for Market users benefit
Prepare notes for BS 4.6.0
Changed the core build file to run clean before building each time, which is necessary when switching between debug and optimized versions.
Update to target Android 23; brief 3.2.1 release note
Final changes for Barcode Scanner 3.22.
Another try at CLOSE_WAIT: simplify by removing HttpClient, always consume every byte of input in all cases, and force GCs to clear stuck sockets
Adding gwt QR Code generator, and appspot configuration files.
Move character encoding logic out to common, try again to improve its handling of UTF8 for Chinese market, per manufacturer request, added test cases
Add Travis CI config
Issue 361
Update about1d.html
Issue 1373 Slovak updates from Laurent
Big RSS Expanded changelist -- thank you authors
Use menu resource instead of hard-coding
Romanian updates from Radu
Final changes for Barcode Scanner 3.51.
More little tweaks to make the 'release' build target happy again
Update lax count for qr code 2
Issue 821: Add text box for encoding arbitrary QR Code contents.
Add 'getNumBits' to Result objects to return when not all bits of the raw byte representation are valid (#664)
Or do the child modules need their own scm stanza
Enhanced book support
More proper support for geo: URLs in Android
Fix extended mode decoding code39 (#873)
Some error checking put in. When a new network is created and the

Issue 1177 add title field
Handle IOException in multipart more cleanly
Implemented Paul's solution to the basic/regular build problem -- a sort of pseudo-reflection approach that works in J2ME. Now we have only a build target, not separate products for the basic version.
Added some more docs / examples to clarify how to set values here
Extended the test app to write the camera parameters to /sdcard/CameraParameters.txt in addition to emailing them. Also bumped the version to 1.1.
- Bumped the versionCode to one past 3.72.
Issue #147 : handle corner case as normal failed read rather than AIOOBE
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Avoid some code that will be deprecated in GWT 2.6.0 and make gwt:run work
yml not yaml extension
Added another target for building a debug key signed Android client, and removed the old optimized target from core.
Increase online decoder size limits
Standardize colors, dimensions, text sizes, tweak and simplify layouts slightly
Backing out this change for the Droid on suspicion that it's interfering with at least one other device
Avoid another possible NPE. Adjust obfuscation to produce less ambiguous mappings
Fix a few bugs from last NIO2 commit in resource translation
Issue #166 let byte compaction proceed in cases where it 'thought' text compaction would take over, but it had not
Add values-nb as synonym for values-no; remove unused string
fix zh_TW translation strings
More UPC-A tests: interesting clear but low-res images that don't decode
Pull request 11 - Finnish update
Fixed the ZXingTest Ant file to work with the latest SDK.
Farm out beep/vibrate stuff to class to try to reduce CaptureActivity complexity
Update WhiteRectangleDetector.java
Update plugins; use https:// URLs consistently for good practice
Fixed a few little typos
Recreate build files for android, androidtest, for latest SDK
Update ITFWriter.java
Add simple test for PDF417 high level encoder
Continue in codeset A when character encoded single number or FNC1-4 in Code128Writer (#1108)
Updated qrcode-2 with corrected output for some Japanese-language results. Also standardized on UTF-8 encoding for test result files and enabled --dump_results for single-file case.
Update DB version to ensure older clients update (see Issue 254)
Fix error in AppPickerActivity when it is quickly cancelled (hat tip to Asus)
Update plugins, deps; update Guava but restore Java 7 interop by using 23.0-android and restricting to zxingorg module
Various small improvements from inspection, dependency updates, preparing for 3.3.3
Avoid exception in rare case where loading of apps is cancelled
Various user-contributed fixes (Issue 701, Issue 710, Issue 714, Issue 718)
Updated the Android client to use native/local QR Code encoding. For now it still runs on a thread and has a temporary "Working..." dialog. As I optimize a bit further, these may not be necessary.
Fix some warnings from new inspection tool
Strangely, Exception constructors that take a chained Exception didn't exist before API level 9 (though have always been in Java). Don't use them to avoid NoSuchMethodError on Froyo and earlier.
Another translation fix from Randy Shen.
Fixed Russian translation for new menu item
Revert to checkstyle 6.x for Java 7 support
More Romanian updates from Radu
New rotated 1D barcode test case
Reverted inadvertent Detector changes that broke unit tests. Fixed test target to definitely exclude non-TestCase classes from tests.
More build refinement, HTTP improvements, small info retrieval refactoring
Now history can be disabled
Update plugin versions
Test from issue 1112
Try both binarizers, use appspot stylesheet, update dependency libs
Simplified pieces of code (#601)
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-2.2
Add new secure access to Maven Central repo
Experiment with coverity integration
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-parent-2.3.0
Don't target platform 25; easier to leave it at 24
Clean up whitespace (#800)
Russian updates from Dmitry
Moved MultipleBarcodeReader and added ByQuadrantReader to try to accommodate many QR codes in an image
German translation
Add prefs to enable Aztec, PDF417 barcodes. Separate prefs for 1D product and 1D industrial formats.
Guard against a few rare errors from Play logs
Send through EAN extension with metadata
ISSUE: http://code.google.com/p/zxing/issues/detail?id=110
Fix a few small app bugs from stack traces, and update plugins
Enough with the camera bugs, step 1: add a fall-back 'safe mode' that tries to reconfig the camera with minimal parameters, if the device driver barfs explicitly
App picker can be further simplified
We should be to 1.4 now right?
Untangle try-catch a bit in servlet, to properly catch 404 errors
- Added back support for Cupcake by making the choice of preview callback conditional on the build flavor.
Added a specific message for unsearchable books, and changed the Exit button in the help to Done to be a little clearer.
Minor plugin updates
Move and slightly add to new GenericGFPoly tests
Issue 1378 first of several German updates from Alexander Schmidt
Reverted build.properties back to the template version, removing my personal changes.
Added a Google Shopper button when scanning products, and bumped the version to 3.2 beta 1.
Issue 393 add intent extra to control delay after scan by intent
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Support multiple "to", and CC and BCC, throughout the email result API.
Replace tabs with spaces ( part of accepting another big patch); fix one failing test due to typo
Created the base Writer object for all barcode encoding, then wrote a QR Code version. A Writer encodes a series of raw bytes into a 2D greyscale bitmap, represented by a ByteArray. This seems like a better container than MonochromeBitmapSource, because we may want shades of grey when encoding future formats. The next step is to hook this up to the Android client.
Let Proguard work for release builds
Minor update to last change
Added small android-integration module
Select specific gpg keyname -- accidentally signing with unrelated Apache key earlier
Changes to create Barcode Scanner 2.6 beta 1.
Ignore additional PDF417 barcode rows
Merge branch 'master' of https://github.com/zxing/zxing
Issue 1347 retrieve HTML title as supplemental info
Cap result point size and refine animation a bit
Add some basic Code 39, Code 128 tests
Oops, forgot auto-focus trigger (and one unrelated backport fix)
For consistency, name 'pdf417' image directory as 'pdf417-1'
Avoid redundant info in history
Issue 1828 make sure Tomcat interprets URL params with UTF-8
Lots of updates:
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-2.2
Added 40 real world Code 128 images. We decode 9/40 right-side up, and 8/40 upside down. A fix will follow shortly to get these numbers up - we overtightened the pattern matching in the first round of false positive changes.
Avoid another apparent rare bug in the HTTP implementation
Update 2 plugins
Omit bookmarks without URL like dummy "Bookmarks" on 4.2
Issue 1057 save wifi config on successful connect
Make sure to clean up generated web.xml with password!
Don't upload codecov results if jacoco wasn't run, as it generates an email warning now
Another HTTP exception workaround
Trivial dep update; code tweak
Closes issue #162 : PURE_BARCODE fails on certain dense QR codes
Remove system-dependent line separator logic in BitMatrix
Fixed multibyte charset problem when encoding PDF417 with Compaction AUTO
Revert inadvertent change to non-private API
RAT 0.11
Enable zipalign for Maven Android builds
Issue 573 draw points correctly when preview/screen size differ
Update plugins, slf4j, jetty
Draft Spanish translation -- in review with native speaker
More for Issue 1044 -- avoid another possible NPE though I don't think the underlyling issue has been found yet
Comment out QR code encoder package for the moment
Enable RAT check in build; enable checkstyle; fix some violations; update Jetty/Android plugin
Fixed Market thinking Barcode Scanner was not compatible with any devices.
Changes for 1.5
Improvement to finder/alignment pattern detection in low-res situations: use averages. It makes it much better on images of this sort, decreasing failure rate by about 60%. (It makes one old image fail, but looks like a fluke)
update osx xcode project for updated compiler, new C++ files
ISSUE: http://code.google.com/p/zxing/issues/detail?id=110
rename to match objective c conventions
Minor follow-up / fixes to last few comits
Try a different travis config
Avoid weird NPE and don't obfuscate anymore -- no need
Avoid possible NPE from early callback
Add issue template and move supported files to .github
Better fix for concurrency issue
Added support for adding a contact with multiple email addresses and phone numbers. This change requires Android 1.1 to work, but is harmless on 1.0.
Improve Simplified Chinese translations.
Technically split out YUV 4:2:0 and 4:2:2 support and tried implementing RGB conversion for 4:2:0
Add some newer plugin versions
Put back the buildwithoutj2me target.
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-2.2
Update Android apps to need API 16+; remove stale Manifest config
Pre-RSS-14 changes. Necessary code changes, but not the decoder. Committing this since it does no harm and clears out my client so I can modify these files for other purposes.
Better: refactor rate-limiting logic and apply to destination hosts too
fix version of parent project in subprojects
Remove unused open function from OpenCameraInterface
Fixed the build and added some cleanup comments.
Now attempts to use locale-specific Google property in client. Also made some stuff final that can be.
Follow up with translations for #296
Consolidate one more calendar method. Insert events with ACTION_INSERT not ACTION_EDIT

cleanup memory issues in decoder/decoder result; a few xcode4 svn tweaks
Closes issue #302 : incorrectly remembers state from Intent after processing
Issue 1676 retune ITF slightly to avoid a misread
Bumped the version to 3.3 beta 2.
Issue 546, let share screen scroll on tiny screens
Back-port BS+ changes to use newer Android 2.x APIs, removing deprecations. Now, we're on to Android 2.1 / Eclair / android-7 as a minimum platform level. I called this "4.0" accordingly.
Small fixes for 1.6 release
Remove Honeycomb-specific integration as Android >= 3 and < 4 is 0.1% of devices
Fix up release target
More sophisticated load protection, plus tests
Use useexternalfile on javadoc task to avoid odd error that only happens on Windows
SLF4J 1.7.7
Updated the Android Test app to use a wider viewfinder, to save images as PNGs instead of JPEGs, and to work on phones without a shutter button.
Better way to redirect entirely from /w/docs/javadoc to new github.io site
Final change for Barcode Scanner 3.3.
Replace bit shifts that are really multiplication and division with simple operators now
Fix spelling mistake in error message
Go ahead and enable Code 93 in android
Exclude Google TV by requiring touchscreen for now
Revert another change that causes a whirr failure, fix rat warnings, and one more error on Android generated files
Remove sudo for codecov; remove redundant matrix
Fix apostrophe type
Automatically inserts version number in strings.xml now
Issue 658
Recent bug fix uncovered some bugs in test case -- fixing those
Remove BS+ link in prefs
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.3.3
Allow custom search on 'text' results. Seems maybe useful for Code 128/39 payloads, and, the UI for this result type is not overcrowded yet
Closes issue #184 : Add Thai translation
Add support for UPC/EAN +5 extensions, plus basic tests, and display the content in Android client as metadata
Hindi auto-translation
Back-port rewritten auto-focus cycle; allow disabling of auto focus
Minor performance improvements to HybridBinarizer (#762)
Maybe avoid a weird NPE
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release core-1.5
Turkish translation from Acer
Remove explicit luminance conversion option -- always do it in tests
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-parent-2.3.0
Update Guava, Glass dependencies
Reverted accidental build.properties change
fix zh-tw translations of whatsnew and new string
Updated Spanish (Android)
Remove 'reverse image' pref. It was only ever relevant for front cameras and the app doesn't support front camera. It's not even supposed to be needed for front cameras. Reports of some (carrier?) enabling it by default which disables QR code scanning.
Russian translation fix
Added great new artwork from Joseph for the Share UI. Also renamed the Share menu item to be clearer.
Oops remove bar again
Fix handling of book search snippets without page number
Added Kamil Kaczmarczyk's full name
Use HTTPS to send product queries to Google Shopping
[iphone]Original iPhone project moved into dedicated subfolders iphone/Barcodes
Fix top build.xml
Simplifications to release: consider rim/ and bug/ sorta unsupported so don't bother building, and, leave preverifying to Proguard in javame/ to get around lack of WTK preverifier for Mac
Version should really be in x.y.z form. Simplify dir location config, and actually generate source/javadoc artifacts
fixed russian translation (#890)
Remove defunct 'buggy' message for 4.0 from HelpActivity. And add the other half of new History impl that I forgot
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release core-1.5
Issue #36 : allow either landscape or reverse landscape based on sensor orientation
Updated the manifest and What's New page for 4.2 beta 1.
Slovenian translation
At last update to JUnit 4.x
Updated Dutch translation from Sven Klinkhamer.
Major refactoring of 1D barcode code. Moved into com.google.zxing.oned package. Misc. other changes to support this refactoring
Created a new blackbox test of real world Aztec images taken with a mobile phone. We're only decoding 9% at the moment.
Initial checkin of bug client code from buglabs
Use JCommander for CommandLineRunner args
Standardized the naming of our barcode formats and alphabetized them.
Update to final HTTP Client binaries
Improve DoS test case to be more robust to timing
preverify classpath now should work on Windows
Possibly final changes for automatic torch settings
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
On scan we pass a grayscale image of the scanned image, which is used as a thumbnail. These days this is getting to be 2MB of data to bundle to copy around in memory. Instead scale by 50% and JPEG-encode. This saves some memory and paves the way for later perhaps saving the image data with history.
Updated qzxing location
Issue 691 specify Barcode Scanner package to handle intents
Minor dep updates
1d complete; tests pass; need to valgrind
Bumped Barcode Scanner to 3.7 final.
French fix from Guillaume Cottenceau
Oops, didn't intend to enable RSS-14
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Added code for the Data Matrix decoder.
Small French change from Morgan
Re-enable ProGuard, and finally identified the workaround that seems to make 4.4 work with our code without a VerifyError
Tiny fix -- synchronized on arg, not list
Bulgarian update from Lachezar
Issue 950 add a confirmation dialog for Clear History
Further simplification; correct-er handling of ASCII vs hex SSID, and password
Avoid NPE on networks with no SSID
Morgan's French updates
Issue 1388 More Finnish translations
Bump BS version to 4.6
Added some very difficult reflective UPC-A images - we get 8/21. We would probably have to do something very special to handle soda cans with those silver on silver barcodes.
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-2.2
Better tweak to last change -- scale text size dynamically
Add more unit tests for client.result, and more small code tweaks.
Fixed Russian translation for new menu item
Issue 563: Support non-rectangular Data Matrix
Adding a few test images from a defunct issue report
JUnit 4.12 beta 1
Remove deviation from PDF417 spec and faulty unit test (thanks Anders)
Decode HTML entities in titles
Small commit for issue #27, and part of a test
Use SDK rev 20's improved proguard config
Issue 933 handle multi-day all-day events
Use version when creating manfiest/.jad files
Commit good fix for race condition Daniel noted
Turn on RSS 14
Don't use books.google.cn for Book Search -- doesn't exist. Also a few tiny tweaks.
Added support for encoding multiple email addresses and phone numbers using the new constants I added to the Contacts app for Android 1.1.
Minor updates to plugins and from code inspection
Made the buttons on the Share screen a bit wider and better spaced out. I didn't bother with the landscape version although it could use the same treatment.
Manually fix parents of Android libs to 3.3.2-SNAPSHOT
Use screen-sized preview if available, if it's not too big/small, for all devices
A few inspection cleanups
A few more tests and fix handling of data: URIs in command line decoder
Issue 1671 French updates from Francois
Renamed Codabar files and added text files for testing purposes
Localized application into English, German & Swedish
Properly escape single quotes in French translation
Remove problematic dependency plugin for zxingorg javadoc
Removed some commented code, and general code cleanup.  Turned many
Update strings.xml
Send history feature now exports full CSV dump
Russian translation
Avoid error on malformed Aztec code
Fix a typo in Catalan (#719)
Closes issue #496 : correct checksum for certain Code 39 inputs
Update Basque translation (#696)
Avoid bogus Maven 3.0.x warning by duplicating plugin versions
Add VIN result type
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release core-20-beta
Can also use proper menu resource for other menus
Style stuff mostly but fix a problem between Aztec and J2ME too
Suppress some spurious warnings and allow javac lint
Minor touch ups of HTML, show full output for uploads, add more explanatory text and links, update to servlet 3 / JSP 2.2
Renamed launcher icon.
Avoid an NPE by checking for null handler
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-parent-2.3.0
Issue 1236 let history answer an Intent
Only activate checkstyle (Java 8+) in Java 8+ build
Issue 1821: structured append support in QR code from mike06j
Look out for early preview frame before complete configuration
To use latest Android plugin, which is needed, require Maven 3.1.1
Added simplified and traditional Chinese translations for the Android client from Kevin Xue.
Fix a few more last minute typos
Double-check to avoid exception clicking on stale item
Set EXTRA_EMAIL in order to make email clients fill in email address
Issue 941 retrieve more info from Google Books for ISBNs
Removed bad test cases -- for now considering this image too blurred for the "easy" test suite
Grammar issue reported by user
Localize error response and remove redundant JSPXs
Updates to compile against 1.5; figuring we will shortly need to be 1.5-friendly
New icon from Roman Nurik, and help system tweaks.
To support front-camera devices like the Nexus 7, don't require (rear) camera
Update documentation of exported CSV format
Progress on a crude Blackberry client -- still needs much polish but basic functionality exists.
Make sure it's possible un-set custom search URL; sometimes remains as a newline or space
Added a Code 93 encoder
Need to use 1.5 jar location
Issue #61 : touch up style in test and simplify new logic
Add link to BS+ in prefs
Better error message when SD card isn't accessible
Set a camera parameter to force the flash off. Also fixed the uninstall build targets.
Don't fail on bad network type input. Log it.
Hid the Share menu if the results screen was showing, since it didn't make sense. Also change the autofocus delay to 1.5 seconds, to make it hunt a little less, and give the autoexposure system more time to run.
Add simple test to try codecov.io
Updated translations from Frederik
Localize results message string for SBC
Restore missing HE strings mistakenly omitted in last commit
Remove some pre-Eclair code, update camera parameters handling to use 2.x APIs
Update plugins
Added a new test library of 16 blurry EAN-13 barcodes. Currently we cannot decode any of them. I'm checking these in as a baseline so we can evaluate various sharpening techniques.
updated all actionscript files in accordance with the core library revision 1901
Apparently some of the default disabled optimizations are only there for Donut
Hebrew translation
Issue 838: Fixed the bookmark picker crashing on Honeycomb.
Let camera use continuous-picture focus mode if available. API-wise it's 100% legal, which means there's only a 50% chance it will break a bunch of ICS devices
More defensive programming around odd Android exceptions
An update on the ZXingBarcodeReader tutorial.
Explicitly specify javadoc encoding, fix a few doc warnings, update plugins again
AUTHORS file, build file changes and improvements
Add pom file for GWT module
Update plugins
Danish translation from Rasmus
Created new UPC-A blackbox test.
A few more tests and fix handling of data: URIs in command line decoder
Issue #179 : add default start/end guard to Codabar if not specified, for symmetry with decoder
Created Barcode Scanner 3.31 beta 1.
Japanese language strings better as "values-ja", and other small translator tweaks
Make most internal activities non-exported by removing uneeded intent-filter
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release javase-2.2
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Checking if sudo: false is needed for new Travis docker support
Cleaned up the ZXing Test manifest to match the Barcode Scanner one.
Avoid NPE is options menu gets called before onResume (?)
Reference JDK 1.4 classes file location directly to accommodate Mac users, and also include top-level build files in release.
Oops, fix fat finger typo from last change
Fixed little typo and restored Data Matrix instead of italian's literal translation
Set protocol to JABBER if XMPP IM handle is found (#1007)
Thanks to Jonas Petersson / Prisjakt for Swedish translation
Issue 1377 work around devices that fail to return valid preview sizes
change the comment
More reliable method for reading vCard, may avoid OOME in weird stream behavior case
Remove the 'Here is a barcode I scanned' message attached to SMS/email messages
Issue 1730 Ukrainian translation
Added Slovakian translation from St. Laurent.
Fixes #235 : Don't remove + in MECARD TEL: field
Remove obsolete unrolled loops
Apply checkstyle to test code too, and fix violations; minor updates from code inspections
User-contributed Danish fixes
ZXing 3.3.2 snapshot still creates wrong barcode for text with leadin… (#967)
Issue 1348 Finnish updates
Merge pull request #79 from Petja/master
- Fixed Issue 892: Barcode Scanner crashes when started via Intent with scanning rectangle dimensions.
PDF417 improvements from Hartmut, Christoph
Point apps to 3.2.1-SNAPSHOT
Set Android plugin SDK location explicitly to solve Travis error?
Last last change - add appspot app code
Add "retreive more info" feature -- resolves redirectors and gets first product result inside the app
git/svn ignores for build artifacts/personal xcode settings
Build barcode from left to right instead of right to left.
Issue #108 : avoid accessing system property directly to avoid a potential security exception
Fixed typo in effort to build new ZXingTest binary.
Updates for appspot
Created the Ant build file for zxing.appspot.com, which appears to work. All that's left is uploading the site.
Small additional fixes to generating site, javadoc
Boldly move to Java 7 for everything, including Android.

Connected, turned into a resource
Move zxing.org web resources to standard src/main/webapp
Should fix up remaining problems in J2ME build and enable build of deployable .jar file
Turns out permission-group is not going to do what I thought here, so remove it
More Italian fixes
Try directly activating release profile and don't release android, androidtest as part of library release
Output HTML DOCTYPE correctly from HtmlAssetTranslator
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-2.2
Added 'About' screen, localized application name
Updated proguard.cfg to match new default for SDK 17 / Proguard 4.7
Alter many encode hints to accept String equivalents
Merge pull request #317 from Matrix44/patch-6
Bump to allow full WXGA resolution
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of javase-2.2
Don't build javame anymore in main build
Roll back to 2.3.0-SNAPSHOT again
Update android modules for 3.3.3-SNAPSHOT
Minor whitespace and comment cleanup.
Add framework for adding code targeting API levels higher than min supported. Add simplified backport of BS+ code for handling front, rotated cameras, to simply let a front camera open for now. Not guaranteed to work. Adjust optimization to keep these classes. Don't yet take away the Market filter requiring rear camera.
Fix typo from last commit, black is not 00000000!
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-2.3.0
Final change for Barcode Scanner 4.3.
Small code improvements from inspections
Fix problem in translator with %s strings; restore deleted string
Custom, minimal error page
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release javase-2.2
Issue #38 : extra defensive -- don't even assume the list is sorted in case of buggy phones
Merge pull request #52 from tgibson11/master
User-supplied Indonesian translation
Add what's new for 4.7.4 and update proguard
Matching Issue 414 / commit 2088 change to iPhone: support zxing://scan/... URLs too
Fixed translation
Close ContentResolver InputStream
Add count to history activity title
Remove version declaration workaround now that we're on Maven 3.1+
Further debugging of SDK deployment
Build Android apps, using Ant script, in compile phase in Maven
Issue 338
Fix Issue 50, not building on Windows, by adding some small workarounds for Windows paths in build files for Android
Can't release artifacts as multi-module due to some infinite recursuion bug in DirectoryScanner in plexus / scmexe. Trying to see if detaching them works.
Updated the ZXingText Ant file to match the Barcode Scanner one.
GWT 2.7.0 final
Better naming of shared barcode files and deal with case where SD card is mounted
Update product search domains, add LocaleManager.getCountry()
Cap preview size used at about 800x480; for Issue 1069, adjust Display info by correcting to landscape
Move PDF417, Aztec Writers up a level for consistency
Make sure to stop processing after all error conditions (errorResponse calls)
Add javac encoding=UTF-8 elsewhere
Updated ZXing Test with all of the CameraManager fixes from Barcode Scanner, as well as making it high-dpi capable, and bumped the version to 1.12.
Need to not generate debug info in Android as well now in order to satisfy new Proguard and dex releases?
Issue 876 add ability to customize prompt (and reshuffle a few items in CaptureActivity for clarity)
Forgot correct group IDs
Update and reformat Russian translation
Add uri blocklist feature
Issue 376: re-set camera params after first auto-focus callback to make it work on Droid. Along the way, did a very big reorganization of CameraManager since it was becoming spaghetti code
making stuff final, weakening types, etc. per IntelliJ analysis
Fully delete SNAPSHOT dirs before caching
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.2.0
Final changes for v2.7 of Barcode Scanner, including sending product lookups to the mobile version of Google Product Search.
Partially addressed Reed-Solomon decoding issue for Datamatrix, but not entirely. Still some small issue that prevents correcting as many errors as possible.
Issue 1141 Finnish translation updates
Update strings.xml
A few more touch-ups from Codacy
Use max compression on .zip/.jar files
Per suggestion, second copy of Hebrew under alternate old code 'iw' to support some devices
Filter some non-market apps
Did a bunch of renaming, there was no need for the Barcodes prefix.
Incorrect comment. This will only build with gwt 2.0.1 at the moment
Unwind DecodeHandler out of DecodeThread to avoid a VerifyError ?
Use ARGB color model in MatrixToImageConfig
1d support for most C++ decoders; n.b. not pdf417 and rss
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-parent-2.3.0
Added top-level build file, removed local copy of JUnit, added test target to core
Various changes from IJ12.1 inspections
squash changes
Issue #105 avoid accessing Charset Cp437 until absolutely necessary, as it won't work on Android sometimes
Update to Android plugin 4.0.0-rc.1
ISSUE: http://code.google.com/p/zxing/issues/detail?id=110
Update Tomcat 8.5 example config to include HTTP/2, OpenSSL config
Use gpg not gpg2
Issue 923 oops preserve output order
More for issue #557: remove another constant that's not present in API 23+
Indentation wtf
Introduce NO_REQUESTED_CAMERA
Try local-only Proguard optimization for core library
... and put back status text, in a simplified form?
Cut Barcode Scanner v2.8 for Android.
Add new setting to freeze orientation on startup rather than switch between landscape orientations
a set of synthetic version 40 tests at each ECC level
Return to ISO-8859-1 as default PDF417 encoding, as per discussion of spec in issue #166
Standardize proguard config
Revised the What's New help page, and bumped the version to 2.5 final.
Issue 991 tiny Chinese translation fix
Optimize code width calculation in Code39Writer (#1103)
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-2.2
Issue 583 RSS Expanded support, by Pablo Orduna and the Deusto crew, back-ported by ShumovichY
Fix a few possible rare NPEs
Simplify encoding to fix odd display problem -- no thread, no layout listener
Make redundant proguard.cfg files symlinks
Issue 1156 use ANDROID_HOME system property
Try building and running with JDK 8
Oops, now need to include JUnit locally
Issue 1679 Italian updates
Checks that dependencies are built now and produces an appropriate warning message.
Old change -- forgot to include ISBN in quick info retrieval for 1D barcodes
Add server.xml too for safekeeping
Issue 1006 touch up pom.xml files and add new contributed one for android-integration
Improved Slovenian translation
fix a little error
Update plugin and minor deps; catch additional Android error in app
Deprecate MonochromeRectangleDetector and more coverage-related improvements
Issue 1061 URL-escape {CODE} replacement
Disable email-based decoding -- won't be able to support it soon and it is very rarely used by anyone. Leaving code in for future reference though.
Aztec decoder fix: return to Upper mode after U/S B/S sequence. (#643)
Additional changes for Android 4
Issue 1195 fix accounting for DST when target time DST status differs from now
Fixed a typo in the IT strings.xml
More logging, care with parsing vCard?
Issue 1087 fixed Swedish translation
Style-related changes
Revert aQute plugin update as it requires Java 8
reduce the insanity in iphone
Avoid NPE in case of strange query failure for bookmarks; log it and quit
Generalize handling of non-fatal SQL exceptions in Android app
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-2.2
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
More aggressive ProGuard optimization
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Support GEO, NICKNAME from vCard (add as a 'note' in Android)
Add support for %t (type) in custom search URL
Update for Android 5; use Proguard 5
Closes #738 : fix UPC-E encoding with system 1
Avoid a rare NPE
Deleted the M5 Android client in preparation for an up-to-date version for the 0.9 SDK.
Issue #80 : address case where barcode text has a matching escape sequence, and better handle problematic case of URL escape sequences like %f2 matching the %f placeholder
- Made sure barcode scanning always restarts when the activity is resumed.
Better Portuguese translation from BS+ (from professional translator)
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-2.2
Lint check: remove unused things
git/svn ignore build artifacts
Update strings.xml
Minor follow on to last QR code version hint commit
Update plugins, GWT
Standardize jacoco config location
More PDF417 test images from Guenther
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-3.3.3
Small update for 4.4 beta
Moved ByteArray up to core/common now that it has no dependencies on qrcode/encoder.
The final compatibility changes for Barcode Scanner 3.0, which is now finished.
Wrote a new bookmark picker activity for use by the Share button, because I couldn't get the platform version to work.
Enable RSS expanded
- Fixed issue 146, QR Codes get clipped when encoding very large amount of data, by adding a ScrollView.
Target Android 5.1 (don't require it); bump BS app number for next release; update plugins
Small fixes, dep updates, removed warning about Android app, made web app params into annotations
Added more clarifying comments about how to configure the build properties
Update zxing.org libs, update NOTICE, try again to fix CLOSE_WAIT issue with simpler HTTP client handling
Issue #63 : minor formatting and doc changes
Now make sure javase is built before running tests
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Some Slovak updates from Laurent.
Back to white backgrounds, somewhat smaller text in the result screen, shorter Toast popup and doesn't interfere with help screen
Disallow BufferedImage of type TYPE_CUSTOM -- not decoding properly, and is kind of a weird case from ImageIO anyway
Test bumping android platform to 24
Add possibility to choose the error correction level for the encoding
Japanese translation updates from asdf
Back up and restore poms to prerelease state
Added 17 new, unusual QR Codes to the blackbox tests. We can decode the majority OK, but some of the contents are not agreeing with the golden results because of a text encoding issue.
Update site, source plugins
More German updates from Alexander Schmidt
1. Set up all strings in res/*/strings.xml rather than as string
Fix javadoc 8 error
Put optimization behind a profile as it won't currently work with JDK9
Add support for Code B FNC characters
Created a new QR blackbox test with difficult exposures, mostly self-shadowing cases. We only get 34 out of 120 tests, which is about what I expected. To fix these we will have to move away from a global black point and towards a more sophisticated local thresholding algorithm.
One last improvement to clean target
Update and refactor poms under one parent
Logging vCard content received to help debug
Created v2.9 of Barcode Scanner, and added Japanese translations.
import https://mattmccutchen.net/bigint/
Add Romanian translation from Radu
Prevented checking the reverse image preference on every scan to improve performance.
Refactor logging of camera params
Rewrite DataMatrix Detector (#1080)
Remove site plugin causing release problems
Added versionName and versionCode to the Android client manifest.
xcode project file udpates and a portability fix
Refactor common code from across Android apps into module
Issue #428 Fix Code 93 escapes above %F
Careful with clean target and pom files
Whoops, forgot to submit the manifest changes for Barcode Scanner 3.53 final.
Add apache-rat check for copyright headers, and fix a bunch of files without them (mostly actionscript, jruby)
Update strings.xml
More on #679 : convert UPC-E to A before getting check digit
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-2.2
Fixed translation
Add support for core.jar as OSGi bundle, component in BugLabs's BUG platform
Basque translation from Asier
Fix some Java 8 javadoc warnings
Compute locale-specific expected date strings in test for JDK 9 compatibility
Move JavaEE dep to zxing.org/
Add a google maps component to the GeoLocation generator.
More aggressive inlining, to inline some key methods like BitArray.get(), resulting in significant performance boost
Issue 465, remove reference to libs/ as it is not used
Added UPC support to the result types, and added a build target without J2ME.
Added a new QR Code unit test of real world photos of t-shirts. These are notoriously difficult because the barcodes don't lie completely flat. We're able to decode 33/48 which is better than I thought, although most of the images which fail look within reach.
Real fix for Issue 1044 - don't use static CameraManager
- Fixed a crash on first launch after install on some hardware.
Added android build.xml file
Show barcode in bulk message toast
Misc improvements: bigger scanner on tablets, anti-aliased drawing, escape HTML in product results, ITF-14 allows 48 digits
Added a workaround for low framerate issue on Nexus 4 (#959)
Issue 581, Hanzi mode support from Shiyuan Guo
Support more TIFF files in ImageIO with JAI plugin (and update a few plugins)
Issue #41 : Handle null barcode metadata in PDF417 in corner case
OK a little too much logging, roll some back
Improve Spanish translation from Marcelo, standardize lines for comparison, add some auto translation of missing strings in Chinese
Make all the pref defaults in the code the same as defaults in XML, to be double safe, even though redundant
Preload bookmarks instead of holding open cursor to avoid concurrent modification; no longer that slow that it must be avoided on the UI thread
Update strings.xml
Added Germany to the list of Google Product Search locales.
Android apps handling orientation config change should apparenlty handle screenSize as well in API 13+
Update versions of plugins, dependencies
Add to result the raw, but parsed, bytes of byte segments in 2D barcodes
Issue 1680 Finish / clean up media player in rare case the media server dies
Catch a few corner case errors in web app
Created Barcode Scanner 3.31 final.
Handle VEVENT with malformed GEO
Issue 918 Add MECARD/vCard switch after factoring out and tidying some of the contact encoding logic
Added build targets for IntelliJ which can't see the built-in Android targets.
Corrected exception message in EAN8Writer (#1073)
Possible help for devices that aren't understanding all-day events properly
Noticed we should just use BarcodeFormat constants in the client for simplicity
Update to Glass app 0.2.1
Use jarsigner 1.3.2
Update strings.xml
Stopped sending the decode duration in a message, which no one was looking at, and logged it instead.
Fix #957 - Provide OSGi Metadata in Manifest (#958)
Added two new preferences: vibrate on scan, and copy contents to clipboard on scan.
Pull out optimize target so we can selectively disable ProGuard with -Dno-optimize
Simplify help screen and make consistent with dark Holo theme
Fix typo in log message
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-parent-2.3.0
update japanese strings.xml (#779)
Fix problem on some platforms with AsyncTask array arg type
More attempt to tune memory problem on decode server
Work around strange SQLiteException on startup; first see if it is transient, so swallowing it 'fixes' it?
JAI module isn't needed at compile time
'Blacklist' Geeksphone as they don't seem to report expected camera params
Removed unneeded 'keep' args to ProGuard
Updates for 0.9
Simplified some code (#596)
Set PDF_417 lineThickness to 1
Fix German typo
Issue 1820 add Code 128 FNC4 support
Catch strange RuntimeExceptino from inside autoFocus() in Android 4.0.x+
Updated Hungarian translation from Androida.hu
Libor Skočík - update - xml
Issue 1306 Add parsing of vEvent attendee/organizer
Converted the Android client to use a status bar on the bottom of the screen instead of dialogs for a much better, less interrupting user experience.
Fix bad location of Android SDK cache
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Issue #168 : don't emit symbols for empty numeric compaction in PDF417
Fixed potential bug in not recycling bitmaps that I spied from BS+
Better info logging in web app, and better clearing of buffers
Cleanups while looking at issue #268
Fix handling of new web.xml-less war file
Turn on Data Matrix, including separate scan option in Android
Standardize result source name as "Google" brand
More updated to build-optimized to work correctly with dex -- now really doesn't generate local var info
Disable code/allocation optimization in Proguard as it seems to cause a VerifyError on CM10 (?)
Add redundant leading slash to ANDROID_HOME path
Oops, missed some SNAPSHOT version updates
Fixed the cameraId changing on powerbutton press
Update zxing.org web app for Amazon Elastic Beanstalk
Overhaul zxing.appspot.com. Update to GWT 2.4, work around deprecations. Scrub, update and simplify code and deployment a little. Add a few enhancements like control over EC level and encoding.
Correctly configure findbugs, add excludes, fix a few simple warnings
Work around Android NPE bug in HttpURLConnection.connect()
Experiment with parallel Maven build in Travis
Don't use inMutable, which is only in API 11+
Added blackbox test of partial barcodes which should not decode.
Use Android 4.2 SDK consitently; don't target it for apps though
Fix PDF417 numeric encoding grouping index check
New SDK 16 lint tool suggests removing some unused stuff, etc.
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-parent-2.3.0
Updates for 0.5
First version of the iphone client that actually works, for at least a subset
Update javadoc plugin
Danish fixes from rasmussch
Update to JUnit 4.11
Remove another -Xint, and use -Djava.awt.headless=true to avoid Apple JDK annoyance
Update to latest HTTP Core/Client libs
Issue 1029 Can now override device locale for purposes of determining which Google to search
Issue #489 : allow request of front camera again
Draft of 'thinking' visualization for barcode scanning. Works for 1D and QR codes.
Add basic Google Glass Mirror API app. Not likely to be functional.
Minimum change needed to get the camera working on Glass.
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Copy .jar files on package, not install
Oops, fix checkstyle
2.1 coming next
Fix rat failure
Merge pull request #308 from Solvoj/master
Small simplification of build file condition properties using else attribute
Merge from "Barcode Scanner Plus": avoid deprecated AndroidHttpClient and use java.net for networking; better HTTP headers, better redirect handling
Update some Maven version stuff
The Donut (1.6) SDK is required to build all Android apps in the project.
Updated the permission to read bookmarks to conform to the new Android API.
Update android parent versions to 3.3.3
Fix a few typos in new PDF 417 test
(Part 2 -- trying again) Make compile warnings into errors; update some plugins; use https in web based generator
Don't interpret very long strings.with.dots.like.this to be interpreted as URIs
ignore some xcode artifacts under git
Avoid an NPE in Arrays.asList
Add clirr plugin to detect public API changes
Avoid ANFE when nothing can handle a SEND intent, like on an emulator
Test signed commit and update minor deps, plugin
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release core-2.2
Show used prices if no new price is available, and search for expanded UPC-A value from UPC-E
Add option to remember duplicate scans
Removing and ignoring Thumbs.db
Updates for 0.2.2
Use preview buffer approach to avoid excessive GC
One more small build change.
Add ability to specify a QR code version hint. (#637)
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Some small Bulgarian fixes.
Bumped Barcode Scanner version to 3.5 beta 2, and updated some help text.
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-3.3.3
Add some quotes on preverify command line to fix build issues on Windows, where paths may have spaces
Minor change to make javadoc work with new Android SDK
Issue #166 handle a shift to byte mode properly outside of a compaction mode handler
Remove build products
Converted the Android client and the test app to use the Android 1.5 SDK, and to use a more efficient preview frame mechanism too. We now require devices to be running Cupcake or a newer version of the platform. This change temporarily removes the Proguard step, which Sean is going to add back.
Update generator version and add one more test
Updated for 0.8, remove references to android-m3
Issue 939 add NOTE, URL to encoder
Rest of cosmetic changes -- simpler, black theme with easier-to-touch buttons and consistent sizing, icons
ignore .pyc files under git; use /usr/local (e.g., homebrew) as an imagemagick source
[iphone]Reorganized ZXingWidget with directories for categories of source files
Refactor a little bit of result parsing (mostly, a test commit)
Changes for Barcode Scanner 3.51 beta 1.
German translation suggestion from user
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
... and roll back a bit more to old status view, smaller text again
Use "1.6" instead of "6" in Maven to workaround m2eclipse?
Follow up on commit for issue #242
Merge branch 'AndroidMaven'
Corrections (#1125)
Add more tests for non-core modules
Fix bug in decoding data URIs; Add tests in javase/, zxingorg/
Weirdly, JSP 2.2 wants version="2.1"
Remove deprecated glass-mirror
CFRelease some objects when adding a contact to the contacts
Pull common dependencies up into parent
Remove last trace of .common.executor
Fix corrupted scm entry pointing to tag??
Temporarily commit my pom.xml change so release plugin works
Finished renaming UPC --> Product in a few places.
Fixed Wifi mangager memory leak on devices < N (#811)
Whitespace cleanup and other inspections from IDEA 13
ISSUE: http://code.google.com/p/zxing/issues/detail?id=110
Issue 870 user supplied Greek translation
Reticle is getting quite small with new larger boundaries for tablets -- go to 60%, to help focus too
Add check for null stream from ContentResolver when encoding
Small updates and improvements to the Android client.
Update android apps to use 3.3.4-SNAPSHOT
Update all Java code to use Java 6
Work around Android NPE observed in the wild
Back out update of scm plugins due to release plugin incompatibility
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Update svn ignored files and clean plugin so that nothing is unknown to SVN after a clean
Updates for 0.7
Improve support for Macro PDF417 (#973)
Manifest changes I think we want: no state needed with one exception; always restart from scanning from Home
Hungarian translation from Androida
Japanese translation updates from taku0
Issue 786, from Lachezar, support encoding text/plain
Fix two typos in Javadocs (#750)
Tweak svn/git ignores
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Arabic translation from Randy Shen.
Move to use of Java 7 NIO2 APIs
Korean
Allow building of Android apps on Travis
Wrote a benchmark activity for Android which reads images recursively from the SD card, decodes each 10 times, and prints the average time to decode in milliseconds. The UI is extremely minimal, as the results are written to the log, but this is a good start towards measuring our performance under Dalvik on a platform without floating point hardware. This should run fine on the emulator but I haven't tested it yet.
Use 4x parallelism in unit tests
Add defensive checks for bad setFPS API behavior
Added an option to hide the contents when encoding a barcode via Intent.
Separate out test-unit and test-blackbox targets for running different sorts of tests
Suppress some lint warnings that are ignorable
Wifi to WLAN
A bunch of code style related changes
- Added a new unit test of 13 ITF images I took with a T-Mobile G1.
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release javase-2.2
Overhaul contact encoding in Android; encode phone type too
Minor updates / optimization from inspection; minor plugin / dependency updates
Issue 848 German translation fix
Update gwt, android plugin
- Prevented secure URIs from being added to History or copied to the clipboard.
Added Codecov.io coverage reporting
Spanish fix from Alejandro Tedin
Standardize and update all copyright statements to name "ZXing authors" as suggested by open-source team to correctly attribute copyright in a project with contributions from several sources.
Remove problematic distributionManagement/site element
Fix two rare crashes from bad input / state
Issue 663
Ensure beep MediaPlayer is released
Move PDF417 image to supported
Changed ProGuard settings so it will inline methods which use private members. This eliminates tens of thousands of function calls to BitArray.get() on a typical decode, and lots of other work as well. Overall we're roughly 20% faster by using ProGuard than turning it off.
Possible small bug fix and cleanup of unneeded code
Back-port ability to control exposure, scene mode and metering. Latter two disabled by default.
Should make android-v4 dependency optional since not every dependent project needs it
Work around Android browsers that don't register to handle HTTP:// and HTTPS:// schemes
Check in Android gen files and configure Android src roots in Maven
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-parent-2.3.0
Indentation wtf
I moved a chunk of the histogram/black point code out of BaseMonochromeBitmapSource and into BlackPointEstimator which makes a lot more sense. Unfortunately I had to expose three new methods and touch a bunch of files. But I did manage to reuse an array on subsequent calls, which was being allocated on every row scanned, so that might be a bit faster. It will also be easier to convert this code to JNI in the future if we want to, and/or do more advanced thresholding.
Updated Symbian project QQrDecoder. It now supports the latest devices and Symbian OSs (Symbian^3, Belle, Anna).
fix binary shift cost heuristics (#1044)
Support for aztec codes
Fix Issue 1133, PDF417 issues with alpha mode after other modes
Also quote a path here, which may have spaces, notably on windows
Another user-suggested fix - misdetecting rectangular matrices in corner cases
Lots of code cleanup, including 100 column fixes and dead code removal.
(undo one unintentional change)
Manually bump android/androidtest modules to 2.3.0 since weren't enabled from parent
Add support for consuming and using ECI in PDF417, closing issue #166
Added a project written on Qt framework for Symbian and added tutorials for both ZXingBarcodeReader and QQrDecoder
Minor changes from inspection
Caught another exception when sharing contacts.
Fixed substring call
Translation updates from Morgan Courbet
Allow all long-ish ITF code lengths, as the result is very unlikely to be a false positive, and there are apparently a number of uses of long-ish ITF codes of various lengths out there. Allowed lengths are now interpreted as allowing those lengths and anything longer than the largest allowd length.
Issue 835: Added support for specifying a width and height for the scanning rectangle when launching Barcode Scanner by Intent.
Exclude Android apps from Maven deploy
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of core-1.5
rename a couple of test files that have names that confuse some OSes/filesytems
Update strings.xml
Indentation wtf
Don't build android modules from the top level; they're not really supported by Android yet as build artifacts
Increase size of input that decoder accepts
If camera fails to support its supported and chosen preview mode, use its actual setting
Closes issue #492 : correctly restart autofocus after light is changed
Finally added the beginnings of a decent black-box unit test for QR code decoding
Unit test FNC1 and FNC2
Add WAKE_LOCK for wifi as it appears necessary on older Android
Issue 1218 add possible support for hidden SSIDs
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Last Slovak update.
Small style things
Issue #197 : handle escaped backslash preceding terminator
Bumped the version to 4.0 beta 1 and updated the What's New page.
Use RSS14 on the command line; scan more lines since RSS14 stacked kind of needs this; fix VerifyError when RSS14 is enabled on Android
Update to GWT 2.6 (RC1)
Bumped the version number to create v2.4 beta 1.
Add support for encoding GS1 formatted QR (#927)
Update to newer fileupload, lang libs
Generate simple .alx file with RIM build
Update strings.xml
Issue 1409 also include Chrome in code to reuse browser tab
Suppress status message on Intent scan if result duration is requested to be 0
Support Full-ASCII in Code93Writer (#1104)
Update the manifest to 2.4 beta 2.
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.2.1

Adding Bulgarian translation from Lachezar on his behalf
Corrected exception message in UPCEWriter (#1074)
Issue 675 commit Lachezars great fix for large DM decoding
Renamed UPC result type to Product, and introduced an idea of 'product ID' and 'normalized product ID' to account for UPC-E, where the actual visible ID is different from what we may want to search for as a key. Updated clients to use this too.
Avoid NPE when underlying result point is null, for some reason
Suppress one compile warning
Issue 997 fixes for Bulgarian strings
Another bug fix to go with Issue 1044 -- this one only cropped up on my tablet though
Issue 250: Provided a choice of creating a new contact or merging with an existing one.
Add support for controlling exposure for Froyo devices; fix typo
Polish translation from Mateusz
Include android in main build; add android clean target
On second though, exposure is just too subtly problematic. Comment it out.
Final changes for Barcode Scanner 2.93.
Added a whole bunch of Google web search country/language/TLD entries, as well as new ones for Google Product Search which is now in 10 countries.
Add history feature; group some functionality into subpackages
Now can use "-Ddebug=true" on the command line to build a non-optimized build with debug symbols. Also added check for ProGuard.
OK, last time, promise.
Faster test execution by reusing JVMs and conservatively scaling with cores
Fix camera/storage permissions problems in test app; refactor handling of files in benchmark
Final Barcode Scanner 3.4 changes:
Remove some unneeded strings
Aztec decoder returns raw bytes
Added support for Furigana using the SOUND field in MECARD. AddressBookParsedResult now has a pronunciation field to represent this. I'm not aware of whether this is supported in other formats like VCARD, so they all pass null for now.
Make DoS test case possibly less flaky
Fix some obvious errors in TLD mappings. Key on country, not country-language, so it actually works in most cases!
Rewrote the Android M3 client to do continuous decoding, which means you no longer have to push the shutter button. Now you can just place the barcode in the viewfinder and it will display the contents as soon as it decodes them. That also means you no longer get "barcode not found" error dialogs which is a big improvement. Also made sure that capturing debug JPEGs uses unique filenames.
Disable test that is flaky on OpenJDK 7 only for now
Major reorg of test cases
minSize from provided sizes
Barcode Scanner 4.7.8
Changed "Search book" back to "Search book contents" for clarity, since it's too confusing next to the "Book Search" button. The "Custom search" button will wrap in this case but it still fits fine.
Improved Korean Translation
Changes to be consistent with Android client, including a rename
Fixes issue #908
Build Java 9 on Travis; update plugins
Complete the translation with auto-translations
Fix javadoc 8 error; actually enable enforcer; update plugins
Biiig standardization of whitespace. 2 space indents now, no tabs.
Fix scm reference in zxing-parent pom
Issue 1425 add more placeholders to fill in in the URL specified in the scan-from-webpage mechanism
More changes for 0.1.2
Fixing checksum error in UPC-E barcodes (#1130)
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Issue 884 Flex build script
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Update Android apps to refer to parent 3.3.0
Remove unused string
[iphone] Moved original iPhone project into legacy directory
Fixes from coverity
Actually commit pref updates
Update surefire plugin
More fixes to the build files after trying to build the whole thing again for release
Ignore a few more Android files
Slight tweak to last change -- parse MODE value even when there's no SCAN_FORMATS. Also be extra paranoid about other call to String.split()
More small static analysis stuff
Add bulk scan mode with preference (and rearrange prefs a bit). Reorder main strings file, add new pref string and remove probably-incorrect ellipses from Asian language translations
[maven-release-plugin] prepare release zxing-3.1.0
WIth Lee (Wildfire owner) helping found the cause -- bizarre issue with Wildfire where it can't find a UI element. Disabling it for these devices.
Fix typo (#615)
Refactored ParsedResult classes into ResultParsers & ParsedResults, to allow multiple different formats to generate the same result type
Cleaned up previous commit
Add zh-rHK as symlink to zh-rTW
Issue 155: allow custom product search, and, other small tweaks I think nobody will yell at me for
Updates for 0.3
Issue 295 and Issue 294, treat ADR as wholly different addresses, not 2 lines of 1 address
Update strings.xml
Fixed Search Book Contents when built under ProGuard.
Forgot to add flashlight permission
Issue #86 : Fix logic error in Code 39 that was requiring too much quiet zone
Added 52 real world UPC-A greyscale test images. We get 26/52, but more with try harder. I think I'm going to break try harder results into their own test so we can track these separately.
Renamed 'zxing-icon-128.png' to 'ZxingLarge.png' to get the App Store to accept the uploaded binary. Updated the 'About.html'
Fix for bug #593
Issue 1298 Greek changes from kageloporta
Updates for 3.3.2 release in android modules
Korean translation from Chang Hyun Park
Fix quotes in Ukrainian
Morgan's cosmetic improvement to a translation, and equivalent for other translations we dare touch
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
First pass at adding a UI for sharing data via QR Codes. There's now a Share button in the main capture menu which leads to a choice of contacts, bookmarks, and clipboard contents, which will be encoded and shown full screen. Launching the bookmarks picker currently crashes with a permission problem, which I'm investigating.
The history preference is now loaded at construction time
Issue 336: set Intent flag to make sure task's launched activities don't stay on top when returning to BS. Doing this for all Intents for now
Add cropping for RGBLuminanceSource. And remove some unrelated dead code.
Bump to BS 4.6.5
Update site version, use HTTPS more in docs
Update ZXingTest to work on 3.x+, mostly by removing the camera capture bit for now. It can come back after android/ is updated and can be cloned again. Updated android-integration with better API and ability to specify package. Now ZXingTest uses our integration code. It's updated for Android 2.x and reports camera params in a slightly better form. Also fixed a few Android 2.x issues and related intent integration stuff left over from other recent changes.
Added a new unit test of real world QR codes. We get 29/42 - pretty good, but room for improvement.
Updated our list of countries for Book Search.
Better handling of empty/incomplete content stream
Raise history limit to 2000
Minor version updates
Issue 1817 don't include name/title in map search
Force workaround on for Optimus
Properly drop table on update
Issue 1670 remove Ant scripts in favor of Maven where possible
Issue #167 : recognize protocols like opc.tcp as valid URI schemes
Consolidated all the Android LuminanceSource classes into one file. Either a device can be handled by this file, or the app won't work. The Android platform requires every device to support yuv420sp camera preview buffers, but we also let two other similar formats sneak in for compatibility. I also removed the ability to convert LuminanceSource data into ARGB images, which wasn't used.
[maven-release-plugin] rollback the release of zxing-3.3.1
Translation updated to Portuguese-BR
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Created a new blackbox unit test of real-world PDF 417 images taken with an Android device. Currently we decode 0/23.
[maven-release-plugin] prepare for next development iteration
Issue 704 Japanese updates from a user
Break out click listener class and make duplicate scans always result in new entry at top
Fix all actionscript line breaks to \n, not \r\n
Restrict coverity to special branch
Fix proguard library path for android app
Closes issue #484 : back-port almost all the orientaiton logic from BS+ to handle reverse-mounted cameras on devices like the Nexus 5X
Merged revisions 321,327,330,332,334,342-343,352-353,355-358,361-363,365,372 via svnmerge from 
Factor out boolean[][] -> BitMatrix parsing
Issue 886 Actionscript test
Remove level="9" here (oops) and add a dump target for debugging
Fix one code warning; update plugins
We can finally use isEmpty(), given Android 2.3.3+ is required
Update required Maven version, surefire plugin to avoid an exception?
- Bumped version to 3.4 beta 1.
Update Android apps to refer to parent 3.3.1-SNAPSHOT
Issue 1213 add 'raw' param to send back raw barcode text not processed form
4.7.3 bug fix : null HistoryManager
Removed our custom share icon, which was only in low res, and replaced it with the system one, which is available in hdpi too.
Latest update at Qt based ZXing wrapper => QZXing V1.2. Supports Windows Mingw compiler, Symbian, Maemo-Harmattan.
Updates for 0.1.3
Amended onResume() to read CAMERA_ID from intent
Issue 1410 Chinese updates
Target API 22 since not yet updated for new permission model; fix beep problem that surfaces in Android 6; update plugins
Update notes for BS 4.7.5
Use the new Android 2.0-style SDK value for this field so it compiles
Added QZXing. A wrapper library of C++ part of ZXing written in Qt to make it usable in multiple platforms through the same code: Symbian, Windows, Linux. Very simple interface with some basic functions. The library is also accessible through QML. 2 example programs included. Tutorial contained as well.
Caught RuntimeException for Camera.startPreview() and put up an error message. We were getting 135 reports a week about this.
Norwegian translation (#878)
More improvements from fyellin
Optimize buffer size (#1013)
Issue 549, Make slightly more consistent by changing value of as-yet-unused key ENCODE_FORMAT
Reintroduce basic DoS filter in web app
Use zipalign for debug, and reminder to use it after signing a release
Change HTML redirects to HTTP
Fix null pointer exception (#885)
Deprecate incomplete Glass Mirror now that a Glass device will be available for development of on-device app
Daniel's build.xml change for latest Android SDK
Translate Google Shopper strings; untranslate app name in a few cases
Add default Amazon EBS Tomcat 7 server.xml config
Minimal changes to build successfully with Java 8, plus optional profile to enable it
Issue 1142 fix binary shift in Aztec decoding
Add support for email/phone/address types, pronunciation, IM handle in contacts with vCard
Android activity to add a network, and all associated code for dealing
Changed the Intent to send emails to address issue 145.
Remove references to Google Shopper
Changed the ZXing Test default email address and bumped the version to 1.11.
Test against OpenJDK 7, not 6
Break out properties that user should customize into a build.properties file
Add option to disable front light
Fixed strings.xml Korean (#1029)
First cut at specifying hints by Intent from Lachezar
Remove unused transparent viewfinder background which apparently can cause problems on some devices
Use latest plexus-utils to avoid recursion bug?
Made a new fix to turn off the Samsung Galaxy flash, and cut release 2.91.
Created an HTML help system, which is hooked up to the Menu/Help button. It also runs automatically the first time a new version of the app is run on a particular device. I wrote up a bunch of pages, which feature great art by Joseph, including a What's New page that we can edit for every release.
Created Barcode Scanner 4.2 final.
Added support for a title when searching for an address, for example a business name. Also changed snipppets --> snippet in book search.
Issue 1056 Catalan translation from Joan
Fixed UTF-8 detection, again, and added unit test
The new 0.9 SDK Android client (for real this time).
Remove duplicate results when it has structured append header. (#1147)
Addition change to avoid error in activity picker when rotated
Going to be so bold as to remove this, following posts on the mailing list, as it already also homed at https://projects.developer.nokia.com/QZXing/browser and may not be as maintained or relevant going forward
Finally, much better support for auto-focus, other UI fixes. Now requires JSR-234.
Added two new blackbox tests of blurry barcodes taken with a fixed-focus mobile phone. Also fixed several other 1D blackbox tests that were off by an image here and there.
ISSUE: http://code.google.com/p/zxing/issues/detail?id=42
SImplified optimization a bit and made it more aggressive.
